My boyfriend took me to Casbah for my birthday this March. This is one of our twice-a-year splurges and I have been wanted to go to this restaurant for ages.We were seated outside in the covered heated patio. We were far enough away from the heaters that we didn't get too hot and far enough from the doors that we didn't get too cold. The menu has changed slightly since we dined there but some of the things have stayed the same.We started with the sheep's milk gnudi which is like ravioli without the pasta. I have a gluten allergy and I have missed ravioli quite a bit so I was happy to eat this. The flavor of the sheep's milk is quite strong and unique which I like. For entree I had the double-cut pork chop. This was absolutely great - the flavors and textures of the pork butternut squash risotto braised kale garlic cream and sage jus went really well together. It was an enormous portion as well - I took some home and ate it the next day!My boyfriend had the seared rare tuna. He was less thrilled with his dish and when I tasted it I agreed. I normally LOVE seared tuna but this was not the best treatment of it. It tasted a little too fishy and I didn't think the other flavors complimented the tuna. Instead of dessert we sampled two dessert wines recommended to us by the server. I do think that $10 is a little much to charge for such a small glass of wine but I guess that's what you have to expect when you dine at this level.We are great fans of the Big Burrito restaurants and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good the prices were a little unreasonably high. And I wouldn't recommend the seared tuna!My boyfriend took me to Casbah for my birthday this March. This is one of our twice-a-year splurges and I have been wanted to go to this restaurant for ages.We were seated outside in the covered heated patio. We were far enough away from the heaters that we didn't get too hot and far enough from the doors that we didn't get too cold. The menu has changed slightly since we dined there but some of the things have stayed the same.We started with the sheep's milk gnudi which is like ravioli without the pasta. I have a gluten allergy and I have missed ravioli quite a bit so I was happy to eat this. The flavor of the sheep's milk is quite strong and unique which I like. For entree I had the double-cut pork chop. This was absolutely great - the flavors and textures of the pork butternut squash risotto braised kale garlic cream and sage jus went really well together. It was an enormous portion as well - I took some home and ate it the next day!My boyfriend had the seared rare tuna. He was less thrilled with his dish and when I tasted it I agreed. I normally LOVE seared tuna but this was not the best treatment of it. It tasted a little too fishy and I didn't think the other flavors complimented the tuna. Instead of dessert we sampled two dessert wines recommended to us by the server. I do think that $10 is a little much to charge for such a small glass of wine but I guess that's what you have to expect when you dine at this level.We are great fans of the Big Burrito restaurants and I think we preferred our experience at Soba to Casbah. While our food was really good the prices were a little unreasonably high. And I wouldn't recommend the seared tuna!