Jimmy Tsang's Chinese Restaurant is one of the old traditional Pittsburgh restaurants a place you remember as always being there.  My parents feel the same way about it.  It is a good if unspectacular place with reliable tasty fare like honey chicken Chinese flank steak and authentic eggrolls.  I don't normally go for the spicy fare indeed I prefer the plainer dishes like chicken with vegetables but they have one item on the menu that I've always wanted to try--Sau La Gi which is stir-fried hot spicy chicken onions green onions & fresh bean sprouts.  Perhaps I've never noticed but I don't recall seeing it anywhere else.  It was good but Hoo-Boy did I have to pace myself while eating it.  And have plenty of water nearby!  Sau La Gi was worth trying once but it really wasn't to my tastes and I doubt I'll have it again.My friend Maryann tried  Ching Za Gai (spicy also) which is roasted crispy chicken served with tangy vinaigrette sauce.  I sampled it and perhaps I will order that for myself next time.  I'd like to cook a milder version of it myself at home.  More to my tastes however are the Garden Chicken Chicken with Broccoli or Beef with Pea Pods.  Seafood dishes include Sweet and Sour Shrimp and  Sauteed Shrimp Szechaun Style.  Yeah I'm a little unimaginative when it comes to Chinese food but I know what I like and if a place can do the basics right it's okay in my book!Jimmy Tsang's also has a convenient and inexpensive lunch menu.  The place also does Korean Barbecue and you can book a private dining room for you and your special someone with a $100 deposit.Jimmy Tsang's Chinese Restaurant is one of the old traditional Pittsburgh restaurants a place you remember as always being there.  My parents feel the same way about it.  It is a good if unspectacular place with reliable tasty fare like honey chicken Chinese flank steak and authentic eggrolls.  I don't normally go for the spicy fare indeed I prefer the plainer dishes like chicken with vegetables but they have one item on the menu that I've always wanted to try--Sau La Gi which is stir-fried hot spicy chicken onions green onions & fresh bean sprouts.  Perhaps I've never noticed but I don't recall seeing it anywhere else.  It was good but Hoo-Boy did I have to pace myself while eating it.  And have plenty of water nearby!  Sau La Gi was worth trying once but it really wasn't to my tastes and I doubt I'll have it again.My friend Maryann tried  Ching Za Gai (spicy also) which is roasted crispy chicken served with tangy vinaigrette sauce.  I sampled it and perhaps I will order that for myself next time.  I'd like to cook a milder version of it myself at home.  More to my tastes however are the Garden Chicken Chicken with Broccoli or Beef with Pea Pods.  Seafood dishes include Sweet and Sour Shrimp and  Sauteed Shrimp Szechaun Style.  Yeah I'm a little unimaginative when it comes to Chinese food but I know what I like and if a place can do the basics right it's okay in my book!Jimmy Tsang's also has a convenient and inexpensive lunch menu.  The place also does Korean Barbecue and you can book a private dining room for you and your special someone with a $100 deposit.