The rave reviews I'd heard for Casbah were so over the top I thought it would be impossible to live up to.   Casbah has exceeded it's sky high expectations and made me a believer!  We got the brunch and while the $24 pre-fix menu isn't cheap it actually felt like a steal because the ambiance decor friendly attentive staff and generous portions of delicious inventive food were all so fantastic!  The brunch pre-fix included your choice of breakfast cocktails appetizer entree and amazing still steaming home made muffins and mint chocolate scones.  I'm anything but a light eater and there was so much that I still had to take half my meal home!We all got different things and there wasn't a single bite of anything that we didn't love.  I particularly recommend the Arugula salad salmon and dill appetizer and the scallop and grits entree though you really can't go wrong.  The decor and music was just as unique artistic and beautiful as the rest of the Big Burrito hot spots.  We ate in the basement with a beautiful fully stocked glass wine cellar under lit stone tile walls and wooden ceiling trim.  Casbah isn't cheap but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience.The rave reviews I'd heard for Casbah were so over the top I thought it would be impossible to live up to.   Casbah has exceeded it's sky high expectations and made me a believer!  We got the brunch and while the $24 pre-fix menu isn't cheap it actually felt like a steal because the ambiance decor friendly attentive staff and generous portions of delicious inventive food were all so fantastic!  The brunch pre-fix included your choice of breakfast cocktails appetizer entree and amazing still steaming home made muffins and mint chocolate scones.  I'm anything but a light eater and there was so much that I still had to take half my meal home!We all got different things and there wasn't a single bite of anything that we didn't love.  I particularly recommend the Arugula salad salmon and dill appetizer and the scallop and grits entree though you really can't go wrong.  The decor and music was just as unique artistic and beautiful as the rest of the Big Burrito hot spots.  We ate in the basement with a beautiful fully stocked glass wine cellar under lit stone tile walls and wooden ceiling trim.  Casbah isn't cheap but I'd still consider it once of the best values in the city  because you get so much for your money.  I'd trust Casbah to celebrate any special event with a flawless dining experience.