I've only been here for Sunday brunch but I look forward to dining here again in the hopefully near future.  The frittata was thicker than any I've seen elsewhere (it looked like a square of lasagna) but very tasty.  I liked the inclusion of sliced potatoes.The Low Country grits were creamy and also enjoyable but not too flavorful.  I didn't really taste the fakin' bacon or the garlic supposedly in the dish.  I'm not surprised though  since a lot of vegetarian places seem to go light on the seasoning.  Definitely ask for cheddar with your grits if you eat dairy.  The three kinds of hot sauce on the table also help perk things up.No complaints about the service but they use some sort of chemical cleaner (for the floors or to wipe down the tables maybe?) that's unpleasant-smelling.  I noticed it less the longer we stayed maybe because I got food in front of me but one would hope that a vegetarian establishment might opt for more environmentally friendly and less noxious cleaners.  Other diners were also commenting on the smell when we were there.  I'm guessing this isn't a regular smell to the place though since no other reviewers have commented on it.  The cash-only policy is also a bit of a nuisance since I'd consider the prices ($11 for brunch entrees) here to be mid-range and not ultra-cheap.  Still I will come again with my greenbacks.I've only been here for Sunday brunch but I look forward to dining here again in the hopefully near future.  The frittata was thicker than any I've seen elsewhere (it looked like a square of lasagna) but very tasty.  I liked the inclusion of sliced potatoes.The Low Country grits were creamy and also enjoyable but not too flavorful.  I didn't really taste the fakin' bacon or the garlic supposedly in the dish.  I'm not surprised though  since a lot of vegetarian places seem to go light on the seasoning.  Definitely ask for cheddar with your grits if you eat dairy.  The three kinds of hot sauce on the table also help perk things up.No complaints about the service but they use some sort of chemical cleaner (for the floors or to wipe down the tables maybe?) that's unpleasant-smelling.  I noticed it less the longer we stayed maybe because I got food in front of me but one would hope that a vegetarian establishment might opt for more environmentally friendly and less noxious cleaners.  Other diners were also commenting on the smell when we were there.  I'm guessing this isn't a regular smell to the place though since no other reviewers have commented on it.  The cash-only policy is also a bit of a nuisance since I'd consider the prices ($11 for brunch entrees) here to be mid-range and not ultra-cheap.  Still I will come again with my greenbacks.