I've always been pleasantly surprised with the food I've gotten at Rock Bottom.  I say surprised' because with any restaurant that falls into the slippery territory of a chain you expect to find your fair share of culinary duds.  But I've really had a lot of good meals at Rock Bottom.  Now granted you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are (a bar-straunt if you will) and don't get anything above and beyond this place's call of duty.  For instance I will never be ordering the ahi tuna.  I'll leave that to my favorite sushi bars and restaurants a bit closer to the water (the Mon doesn't count.....).But besides that I always really enjoy my meal choices.  I've recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich.  Chicken was grilled perfectly plenty of avocado and it was a good sized sandwich without being excessive.  I've also ordered the Margherita pizza which could definitely be split between two people.  It's an eight cut that comes to you on a big wooden pizza paddle.  The pizza was really great.  The crust was crispy it had a good balance of cheese and tomatoes and the basil pesto was fresh and tasty.  And not greasy whatsoever - BIG bonus points there.  But my biggest surprise as of late was when I ordered their chicken flautas.  I'm a HUGE Mexican food fan and always hesitate to order Mexican outside of a Mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed.  But I had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it.  It was DELICIOUS.  The flautas are deep fried which gives you an amazing crunch and they still managed to not dry out the inner ingredients.  The accompanying rice was nice and moist as well.  I was so happy!I've always been quite happy with the service there as well.  I go on Thursday evenings for trivia and nine times out of ten the service is really spot on.  The ladies servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive.  Only once or twice to my memory has my service been sub-par and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed Trivia Night with only two visible servers helping 50+ people.I definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh yummy and worth coming back for more.I've always been pleasantly surprised with the food I've gotten at Rock Bottom.  I say surprised' because with any restaurant that falls into the slippery territory of a chain you expect to find your fair share of culinary duds.  But I've really had a lot of good meals at Rock Bottom.  Now granted you do owe it to yourself when ordering to not forget where you are (a bar-straunt if you will) and don't get anything above and beyond this place's call of duty.  For instance I will never be ordering the ahi tuna.  I'll leave that to my favorite sushi bars and restaurants a bit closer to the water (the Mon doesn't count.....).But besides that I always really enjoy my meal choices.  I've recently gotten the chicken avocado sandwich.  Chicken was grilled perfectly plenty of avocado and it was a good sized sandwich without being excessive.  I've also ordered the Margherita pizza which could definitely be split between two people.  It's an eight cut that comes to you on a big wooden pizza paddle.  The pizza was really great.  The crust was crispy it had a good balance of cheese and tomatoes and the basil pesto was fresh and tasty.  And not greasy whatsoever - BIG bonus points there.  But my biggest surprise as of late was when I ordered their chicken flautas.  I'm a HUGE Mexican food fan and always hesitate to order Mexican outside of a Mexican restaurant for fear of being disappointed.  But I had an insatiable craving one night and decided to go for it.  It was DELICIOUS.  The flautas are deep fried which gives you an amazing crunch and they still managed to not dry out the inner ingredients.  The accompanying rice was nice and moist as well.  I was so happy!I've always been quite happy with the service there as well.  I go on Thursday evenings for trivia and nine times out of ten the service is really spot on.  The ladies servicing the bar area are friendly and attentive.  Only once or twice to my memory has my service been sub-par and that can usually be chalked up to an extremely packed Trivia Night with only two visible servers helping 50+ people.I definitely give Rock Bottom two thumbs up for taking your typical chain-found food and making it fresh yummy and worth coming back for more.