I'll be honest this wasn't our first second or even third option for breakfast but when it came to early Sunday grubbing with a group of six this was pretty much the only place didn't have a two-day long wait. In fact there was no wait at all when the six of us popped in a little after noon on the weekend. Odd but my group was hungry so we didn't question the kismet. The restaurant is pretty enormous as far as cafes go and it's nice because they don't pack the tables on top of each other so you're never going to be crammed next to a crying baby or having to scoot your chair in every time the table next to you needs a coffee refill. The furnishings all appear to be second hand finds as well as local art and LOTS of owl statues. It's a hoot for sure. One weird thing is the one bathroom with the sink outside so if you're sitting in the back you can heavily monitor who comes out and doesn't wash their poopy hands. On the other hand if you go to the bathroom here you'll likely feel like you have to make your hand washing some sort of big production so the other people in the back will take notice of your exceptional hygiene habits.I was feeling pretty sick still and actually brain washed myself  into believing that my weekend bug was actually morning sickness so on top of already feeling super nauseous and not hungry and naturally my non-motherly instincts wanted to starve whatever demon might be brewing inside me but the hypothetical baby's daddy insisted I eat something and took it upon himself to order me the tofu scramble which I was sort of excited to try despite feeling otherwise very green. It was actually very bland and dry and even though I think it was only like $3 I think I would have rather had the $3 in my pocket than the scramble so I took a few bites and then pawned it off on the boo who insisted I try his veggie breakfast burrito. The burrito was the total opposite of the scramble- absolutely outstanding and even though it was the size of a guinea pig I think I could have downed the whole thing (of course I would have blamed it on my imaginary incubating child and said I was eating for two). Going around the table everyone seemed content with their food besides the grits order that were decidedly bland but that's kind of how I've come to think of grits in general. Our service was great and though most of the table's food was just okay that burrito the owl statues and the house horchata I ordered as my beverage really made the experience for me. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I can understand the 3-star average on Yelp but that I think you can totally come here and have a 4 or even 5 star time if you order wisely. Just remember: Burrito horchata and time the bathroom-goers for extra entertainment. PS- I'm so NOT pregnant (in fact can someone get me a heat pack a few dozen Midol?) but thanks for your concern.I'll be honest this wasn't our first second or even third option for breakfast but when it came to early Sunday grubbing with a group of six this was pretty much the only place didn't have a two-day long wait. In fact there was no wait at all when the six of us popped in a little after noon on the weekend. Odd but my group was hungry so we didn't question the kismet. The restaurant is pretty enormous as far as cafes go and it's nice because they don't pack the tables on top of each other so you're never going to be crammed next to a crying baby or having to scoot your chair in every time the table next to you needs a coffee refill. The furnishings all appear to be second hand finds as well as local art and LOTS of owl statues. It's a hoot for sure. One weird thing is the one bathroom with the sink outside so if you're sitting in the back you can heavily monitor who comes out and doesn't wash their poopy hands. On the other hand if you go to the bathroom here you'll likely feel like you have to make your hand washing some sort of big production so the other people in the back will take notice of your exceptional hygiene habits.I was feeling pretty sick still and actually brain washed myself  into believing that my weekend bug was actually morning sickness so on top of already feeling super nauseous and not hungry and naturally my non-motherly instincts wanted to starve whatever demon might be brewing inside me but the hypothetical baby's daddy insisted I eat something and took it upon himself to order me the tofu scramble which I was sort of excited to try despite feeling otherwise very green. It was actually very bland and dry and even though I think it was only like $3 I think I would have rather had the $3 in my pocket than the scramble so I took a few bites and then pawned it off on the boo who insisted I try his veggie breakfast burrito. The burrito was the total opposite of the scramble- absolutely outstanding and even though it was the size of a guinea pig I think I could have downed the whole thing (of course I would have blamed it on my imaginary incubating child and said I was eating for two). Going around the table everyone seemed content with their food besides the grits order that were decidedly bland but that's kind of how I've come to think of grits in general. Our service was great and though most of the table's food was just okay that burrito the owl statues and the house horchata I ordered as my beverage really made the experience for me. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I can understand the 3-star average on Yelp but that I think you can totally come here and have a 4 or even 5 star time if you order wisely. Just remember: Burrito horchata and time the bathroom-goers for extra entertainment. PS- I'm so NOT pregnant (in fact can someone get me a heat pack a few dozen Midol?) but thanks for your concern.