CASH ONLY!!!  What a pleasant surprise!  I went here for the first time last night and wasn't sure what to expect when i walked in.  The place seems to have some spacial issues.  There was a bar but they don't serve alcohol more of a coffee/diner bar.  The tables and chairs seem odd and it took me a while to find a chair that was comfortable but maybe this is by design.  I am not a coffee expert but i really enjoyed my several cups of decaf.  Anyhoo to the food.  This place is vegetarian only.   I started with a Hummus plate unlike most creamy hummuses this hummus was gritty as i could actually taste the chick peas with each bite.  The hummus was surrounded by fresh crisp cucumbers carrots celery calamata olives (big fan) and pita. Perfect starter.  For my main entree i ordered the curry special.  Do not expect an Indian food experience but this will not disappoint.   Everything was in the bowl chick peas basmanti rice carrots and other miscellaneous items.  Once i started dipping my pita into it I could not stop.  It was savory spicy and just the perfect compliment to the cold snowy night.    This is one storm i will enjoy braving from time to time.CASH ONLY!!!  What a pleasant surprise!  I went here for the first time last night and wasn't sure what to expect when i walked in.  The place seems to have some spacial issues.  There was a bar but they don't serve alcohol more of a coffee/diner bar.  The tables and chairs seem odd and it took me a while to find a chair that was comfortable but maybe this is by design.  I am not a coffee expert but i really enjoyed my several cups of decaf.  Anyhoo to the food.  This place is vegetarian only.   I started with a Hummus plate unlike most creamy hummuses this hummus was gritty as i could actually taste the chick peas with each bite.  The hummus was surrounded by fresh crisp cucumbers carrots celery calamata olives (big fan) and pita. Perfect starter.  For my main entree i ordered the curry special.  Do not expect an Indian food experience but this will not disappoint.   Everything was in the bowl chick peas basmanti rice carrots and other miscellaneous items.  Once i started dipping my pita into it I could not stop.  It was savory spicy and just the perfect compliment to the cold snowy night.    This is one storm i will enjoy braving from time to time.