This is one of my two favorite coffeehouses in town. It took me far too long to come around and love Tazza D'oro. A horrible ex of mine loved this place and I admit that this soured me. I regret the time I wasted not going here. The dark wood inside comforts me. The small tables outside are a great place to spend the summer. Tazza D'Oro brews Batdorf and Bronson beans (amazing) provides Enrico pastries (amazing) free wireless (amazing) and one of the most talented and friendly staffs I've ever met (amazing). Everyone who works there is *so* nice and *so* good at what they do. They have a small menu of local/fresh food that looks amazing but I have never actually eaten it. The espresso served here is actually better than the average shot served at Batdorf and Bronson locations in Olympia WA. I talked about this with one of the barristas at TD'o and they were offended - we calibrate our machines the same we use the same beans the exact same blends and milks and everything it can't be different. Sorry Tazza D'oro you are better. The lines get long on weekend mornings but they move quickly. There's a sense of community nestled here just off the main drag of Highland Park between Bryant st. and the reservoir. This is where you can pick up your CSA shipment for the week where multiple weekly bike rides originate where there are lively discussion groups meeting nearly every day. The percentage of students is low. Like the rest of Pittsburgh there's a good chance you'll run into someone you know but generally I see people I like and miss which is different than the norm in Pittsburgh for me.This is one of my two favorite coffeehouses in town. It took me far too long to come around and love Tazza D'oro. A horrible ex of mine loved this place and I admit that this soured me. I regret the time I wasted not going here. The dark wood inside comforts me. The small tables outside are a great place to spend the summer. Tazza D'Oro brews Batdorf and Bronson beans (amazing) provides Enrico pastries (amazing) free wireless (amazing) and one of the most talented and friendly staffs I've ever met (amazing). Everyone who works there is *so* nice and *so* good at what they do. They have a small menu of local/fresh food that looks amazing but I have never actually eaten it. The espresso served here is actually better than the average shot served at Batdorf and Bronson locations in Olympia WA. I talked about this with one of the barristas at TD'o and they were offended - we calibrate our machines the same we use the same beans the exact same blends and milks and everything it can't be different. Sorry Tazza D'oro you are better. The lines get long on weekend mornings but they move quickly. There's a sense of community nestled here just off the main drag of Highland Park between Bryant st. and the reservoir. This is where you can pick up your CSA shipment for the week where multiple weekly bike rides originate where there are lively discussion groups meeting nearly every day. The percentage of students is low. Like the rest of Pittsburgh there's a good chance you'll run into someone you know but generally I see people I like and miss which is different than the norm in Pittsburgh for me.