I'll preface this by reminding anyone who reads my reviews that 3 stars is a good review for me--it means it's good but I'm not going to go out of my way for it.  Enrico's Tazza D'oro Cafe is definitely very good--I love the location in Highland Park and the early morning crowd seemed pretty nice and very eclectic.  We even ran in to a friend while we were there and had a nice chat.  My girlfriend and I ordered lattes which were excellent--the space was overall very nice inside and while the selection of pastries was a bit thin I would say the ones they had looked good.  I do wish they had more outdoor seating though.  It's tough to make the I'm a fan list for coffee houses.  I'll try it again and may change my review in the future.  While Im on the note of Highland Park I want to join the chorus of people who are dismayed by the recent hit and run involving the two bikers in Highland Park.  Accidents (no matter how horrible) do happen and as such I'm not as angry about the actual accident;  but to just drive away and leave people severely injured by the side of the road is pretty wretched behavior.  At this point i only hope that if you are the person who did this you will at least dedicate the rest of your life to doing good to balance your to-date lousy behavior.It's never too late.I'll preface this by reminding anyone who reads my reviews that 3 stars is a good review for me--it means it's good but I'm not going to go out of my way for it.  Enrico's Tazza D'oro Cafe is definitely very good--I love the location in Highland Park and the early morning crowd seemed pretty nice and very eclectic.  We even ran in to a friend while we were there and had a nice chat.  My girlfriend and I ordered lattes which were excellent--the space was overall very nice inside and while the selection of pastries was a bit thin I would say the ones they had looked good.  I do wish they had more outdoor seating though.  It's tough to make the I'm a fan list for coffee houses.  I'll try it again and may change my review in the future.  While Im on the note of Highland Park I want to join the chorus of people who are dismayed by the recent hit and run involving the two bikers in Highland Park.  Accidents (no matter how horrible) do happen and as such I'm not as angry about the actual accident;  but to just drive away and leave people severely injured by the side of the road is pretty wretched behavior.  At this point i only hope that if you are the person who did this you will at least dedicate the rest of your life to doing good to balance your to-date lousy behavior.It's never too late.