This place is so hit-or-miss for me. Sometimes the food is amazing; sometimes it is terrible. Example: I ordered the spicy peanut wrap for the first time and fell in love with it. I came back a couple weeks later and it was bland and unappetizing. Maybe there is someone who works in the kitchen who doesn't know where the spice rack is-- I don't know.The 'waitstaff' is hit-or-miss too. Sometimes they're great. Other times I've waited for ages just for a menu. One guy actually snapped at me for asking for a breakfast item at lunch. That said there are some good dishes like the Black & Gold. I like that in some dishes you can replace rice with salad. A lot of people I've eaten with here have raved about the quesadillas. There's a nice laid back atmosphere and fun retro diner decor. There's also an extensive (but expensive) drinks menu with milkshakes teas and coffee drinks and a nice selection of locally-made vegan sweets and pastries. And I love the magazine and book rack even though the magazines are usually two years old. Still fun to read.This place is so hit-or-miss for me. Sometimes the food is amazing; sometimes it is terrible. Example: I ordered the spicy peanut wrap for the first time and fell in love with it. I came back a couple weeks later and it was bland and unappetizing. Maybe there is someone who works in the kitchen who doesn't know where the spice rack is-- I don't know.The 'waitstaff' is hit-or-miss too. Sometimes they're great. Other times I've waited for ages just for a menu. One guy actually snapped at me for asking for a breakfast item at lunch. That said there are some good dishes like the Black & Gold. I like that in some dishes you can replace rice with salad. A lot of people I've eaten with here have raved about the quesadillas. There's a nice laid back atmosphere and fun retro diner decor. There's also an extensive (but expensive) drinks menu with milkshakes teas and coffee drinks and a nice selection of locally-made vegan sweets and pastries. And I love the magazine and book rack even though the magazines are usually two years old. Still fun to read.