I finally went to Casbah for brunch today. Rolled in at 10am to meet a handful of people. Because it is Labor Day weekend the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink an appetizer and an entree - but for $24. It looks like they have since raised the prices since Miles O. went. I felt it was just a tad steep and a lot of food but took the plunge anyway. I ordered the smoked salmon for the appetizer and the mushroom omlette for my entree and had a hot coffee (they did not have ice coffee though offered to put ice with hot coffee if I wanted it). The waitress brought out some delicious mini baked treats before we got our dishes - poppy scone (on the crispier side but delicious) blueberry muffins and biscuits which were all buttery goodness. After eating these I was getting a little full and then after my appetizer I realized I probably should not have gotten the prix fixe but could have would have should have. I ended up boxing half of my omlette entree. Portions were large atmosphere was cool food was good and wait staff were awesome but in the end I don't think $24 (not including the tip and tax) was worth it.I finally went to Casbah for brunch today. Rolled in at 10am to meet a handful of people. Because it is Labor Day weekend the place was empty except for a woman who had just gotten there too which was nice because a friend had warned me that the place gets crazy. We sat outside and atmosphere was cozy under the tent with the warm colors of the decor. Our waitress was incredibly friendly and presented us with the menus. I think it is great they have a prix fixe brunch - 1 alchy or nonalchy drink an appetizer and an entree - but for $24. It looks like they have since raised the prices since Miles O. went. I felt it was just a tad steep and a lot of food but took the plunge anyway. I ordered the smoked salmon for the appetizer and the mushroom omlette for my entree and had a hot coffee (they did not have ice coffee though offered to put ice with hot coffee if I wanted it). The waitress brought out some delicious mini baked treats before we got our dishes - poppy scone (on the crispier side but delicious) blueberry muffins and biscuits which were all buttery goodness. After eating these I was getting a little full and then after my appetizer I realized I probably should not have gotten the prix fixe but could have would have should have. I ended up boxing half of my omlette entree. Portions were large atmosphere was cool food was good and wait staff were awesome but in the end I don't think $24 (not including the tip and tax) was worth it.