The best thing about Buffalo Blues revolves around Sundays during football season. For me personally it's one of the best places to catch an NFL game...especially if you're not a Steelers fan. On any given Sunday you'll find fans of just about every team in the NFL taking in a game so the atmosphere is a positive one. Seating is the only issue. Get there early or you might end up standing to see your particular game as seating can be a premium by the time the games begin. Luckily the TV's (there are lots of them) are all labeled with the day's matchups so finding the game you're looking for isn't a problem.The draft beer selection usually has something for everyone from local craft brews by East End Brewing to seasonals and your simpler standards (hello PBR) so if you're a beer person you won't be disappointed.As far as service goes it's hit-or-miss. I've had mostly great service at the bar but I've also had average to below average service at tables. During bigger sporting events - primarily Steelers games - the service can be even more iffy due to the sheer volume of people in the bar area.Overall I have to rate the food as average. I LOVE their boneless wings and their wing sauces are all very excellent. Their pulled pork is really tender and delicious as well but most of their sandwiches and burgers are simply average. The fries can be either really good or too soggy and greasy. I think the inconsistency in the quality of the cooking is the main issue. The menu reads really well which raises your expectations but sometimes the execution will leave you a little disappointed. It's never horrible but you'll rarely be blown away by your meal.In the end I'm giving Buffalo Blues a higher rating based on the experience during sporting events which let's face it is the real draw of a sports bar. As far as sports bars go it's my favorite place to catch a game. They always get a good crowd for games (whether Sundays during the NFL season Saturdays during big college games or for Pens games) and if you stick to the wings and beer odds are your experience will be great. There's a good chance that you can go in and find fans of your team if you're an out-of-towner looking for a game and the crowd is much more accepting friendly and relaxed than the crowds I've experience in other sports bars in town. Most of my average experiences revolved around non-game times when you try to get a more traditional meal and realize that there are just better options in Shadyside for lunch and dinner.The best thing about Buffalo Blues revolves around Sundays during football season. For me personally it's one of the best places to catch an NFL game...especially if you're not a Steelers fan. On any given Sunday you'll find fans of just about every team in the NFL taking in a game so the atmosphere is a positive one. Seating is the only issue. Get there early or you might end up standing to see your particular game as seating can be a premium by the time the games begin. Luckily the TV's (there are lots of them) are all labeled with the day's matchups so finding the game you're looking for isn't a problem.The draft beer selection usually has something for everyone from local craft brews by East End Brewing to seasonals and your simpler standards (hello PBR) so if you're a beer person you won't be disappointed.As far as service goes it's hit-or-miss. I've had mostly great service at the bar but I've also had average to below average service at tables. During bigger sporting events - primarily Steelers games - the service can be even more iffy due to the sheer volume of people in the bar area.Overall I have to rate the food as average. I LOVE their boneless wings and their wing sauces are all very excellent. Their pulled pork is really tender and delicious as well but most of their sandwiches and burgers are simply average. The fries can be either really good or too soggy and greasy. I think the inconsistency in the quality of the cooking is the main issue. The menu reads really well which raises your expectations but sometimes the execution will leave you a little disappointed. It's never horrible but you'll rarely be blown away by your meal.In the end I'm giving Buffalo Blues a higher rating based on the experience during sporting events which let's face it is the real draw of a sports bar. As far as sports bars go it's my favorite place to catch a game. They always get a good crowd for games (whether Sundays during the NFL season Saturdays during big college games or for Pens games) and if you stick to the wings and beer odds are your experience will be great. There's a good chance that you can go in and find fans of your team if you're an out-of-towner looking for a game and the crowd is much more accepting friendly and relaxed than the crowds I've experience in other sports bars in town. Most of my average experiences revolved around non-game times when you try to get a more traditional meal and realize that there are just better options in Shadyside for lunch and dinner.