So I went to Buffalo Blues tonight for the second time (not the second time tonight the second time in my life) for dinner and some drinks and to sum up my experience in a few words both times it was about what I expected.  Just a fine sports bar - no more no less.I'll start with the drinks.  They have a good draft selection and supposedly they've got a nice bottle list too though I didn't have a look at it so I can't judge; and the Happy Hour special compliments it well ($1 off all drinks 5PM-7PM).   Plus they have East End drafts at $3/glass all the time though they were out of Big Hop (the only East End choice they have) when I was there (I don't know if this is a regular occurrence but if it is they better do something about it).  The bartenders were friendly and quick to serve qualities that carried over to the food service as well.The menu has a pretty good selection of pub-y and Southwestern-themed foods from which I picked the black bean and corn quesadilla.  Although at the end I was running low on guacamole (which is $1 extra for a small cup) and sour cream this is a small quibble.  The meal overall  was good and since I got it with the happy hour special I can't complain.  One thing I will mention is that there aren't too many vegetarian choices on the menu (I'm not vegetarian but I try not to eat too much meat so I notice these things) so if you're a vegetarian I would try to look up the menu beforehand just to be sure there's something for you.I know I haven't said much negative about Buffalo Blues in this review yet I'm still giving it only three stars.  This is the kind of place that makes me appreciate the word versions of the ratings that Yelp gives us.  A-OK which if you didn't know is how Yelp describes three-star reviews is exactly how I would describe Buffalo Blues.  The comparison I keep going to in my head is Die Hard 2.  It's not nearly as good as its predecessor but it's still something I'm fine with popping in every once in a while when there's nothing better to watch.To sum it up - I'm not a big sports guy.  Buffalo Blues though it is a sports bar is not the place that would sway me to go to watch a game there with my friends (I'll still say that some kind of playoff game of the Steelers-Ravens I watched at Big Jim's was one of the best sports-watching experiences of my life).  And judging it as a sports bar it didn't do anything to justify my giving it anything but just fine.  But I'm sure I'll go back there for happy hour again sometime.So I went to Buffalo Blues tonight for the second time (not the second time tonight the second time in my life) for dinner and some drinks and to sum up my experience in a few words both times it was about what I expected.  Just a fine sports bar - no more no less.I'll start with the drinks.  They have a good draft selection and supposedly they've got a nice bottle list too though I didn't have a look at it so I can't judge; and the Happy Hour special compliments it well ($1 off all drinks 5PM-7PM).   Plus they have East End drafts at $3/glass all the time though they were out of Big Hop (the only East End choice they have) when I was there (I don't know if this is a regular occurrence but if it is they better do something about it).  The bartenders were friendly and quick to serve qualities that carried over to the food service as well.The menu has a pretty good selection of pub-y and Southwestern-themed foods from which I picked the black bean and corn quesadilla.  Although at the end I was running low on guacamole (which is $1 extra for a small cup) and sour cream this is a small quibble.  The meal overall  was good and since I got it with the happy hour special I can't complain.  One thing I will mention is that there aren't too many vegetarian choices on the menu (I'm not vegetarian but I try not to eat too much meat so I notice these things) so if you're a vegetarian I would try to look up the menu beforehand just to be sure there's something for you.I know I haven't said much negative about Buffalo Blues in this review yet I'm still giving it only three stars.  This is the kind of place that makes me appreciate the word versions of the ratings that Yelp gives us.  A-OK which if you didn't know is how Yelp describes three-star reviews is exactly how I would describe Buffalo Blues.  The comparison I keep going to in my head is Die Hard 2.  It's not nearly as good as its predecessor but it's still something I'm fine with popping in every once in a while when there's nothing better to watch.To sum it up - I'm not a big sports guy.  Buffalo Blues though it is a sports bar is not the place that would sway me to go to watch a game there with my friends (I'll still say that some kind of playoff game of the Steelers-Ravens I watched at Big Jim's was one of the best sports-watching experiences of my life).  And judging it as a sports bar it didn't do anything to justify my giving it anything but just fine.  But I'm sure I'll go back there for happy hour again sometime.