Mitchell's Fish Market is a very nice place to eat...for a chain restaurant.  And actually if it wasn't a chain it wouldn't be too bad either.  The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant - the room was warm and intimate perfect for a date.  It wasn't too noisy or too crowded and we were seated right away on a Friday around 7:30 pm.Our server was friendly and happy to give recommendations.  I started with a house salad which I told the server I would split with my boyfriend.  She brought it to us on two separate plates which I thought was a nice touch and more than what I expected.  Poppy seed dressing was okay it's pretty thick and creamy as I remember but tasty.I ordered from the special menu since they had a bit of a lobster promotion going on.  My entree was a combo: lobster tail and lobster pot pie.  Now lobster is a beautiful thing but I have to say....it wasn't beautiful here.  It wasn't awful but it didn't taste as fresh as I like (I'm guessing that's because the meat was frozen originally).  It's just a shame.  Dipping the lobster in butter was a pleasant experience but it's supposed to be an ecstatic one.The lobster pot pie was totes not what I imagined.  I pictured a flaky golden crust a delicious creamy lobstery gravy and big hunks of lobster and vegetables.  Instead....I got what sort of resembled a small bread bowl made of a biscuit.  There was a lot of sauce which was surprisingly orange in color and very rich with some lobster chunks and vegetables that appeared to come from a bag of frozen veg (I'd recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunks anywhere)!  Whaaaaaaaat?  It wasn't bad or anything but not what I imagined.  I was a little bummed out.  So everything we ate was just fine and nice when you're craving seafood....but I think in future I'd rather just head to the Strip get a lobster and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn't try their fresh preparations so I can't say how those were.I'd say in the Waterfront though it's probably one of your better options.  Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices.  And the atmosphere is great including the service.Mitchell's Fish Market is a very nice place to eat...for a chain restaurant.  And actually if it wasn't a chain it wouldn't be too bad either.  The atmosphere was surprisingly pleasant - the room was warm and intimate perfect for a date.  It wasn't too noisy or too crowded and we were seated right away on a Friday around 7:30 pm.Our server was friendly and happy to give recommendations.  I started with a house salad which I told the server I would split with my boyfriend.  She brought it to us on two separate plates which I thought was a nice touch and more than what I expected.  Poppy seed dressing was okay it's pretty thick and creamy as I remember but tasty.I ordered from the special menu since they had a bit of a lobster promotion going on.  My entree was a combo: lobster tail and lobster pot pie.  Now lobster is a beautiful thing but I have to say....it wasn't beautiful here.  It wasn't awful but it didn't taste as fresh as I like (I'm guessing that's because the meat was frozen originally).  It's just a shame.  Dipping the lobster in butter was a pleasant experience but it's supposed to be an ecstatic one.The lobster pot pie was totes not what I imagined.  I pictured a flaky golden crust a delicious creamy lobstery gravy and big hunks of lobster and vegetables.  Instead....I got what sort of resembled a small bread bowl made of a biscuit.  There was a lot of sauce which was surprisingly orange in color and very rich with some lobster chunks and vegetables that appeared to come from a bag of frozen veg (I'd recognize those tiny square-shaped carrot chunks anywhere)!  Whaaaaaaaat?  It wasn't bad or anything but not what I imagined.  I was a little bummed out.  So everything we ate was just fine and nice when you're craving seafood....but I think in future I'd rather just head to the Strip get a lobster and cook the sucker up myself.  I didn't try their fresh preparations so I can't say how those were.I'd say in the Waterfront though it's probably one of your better options.  Healthier and fresher than most of the other choices.  And the atmosphere is great including the service.