I recently realized that I had only given Casbah four stars after my first visit here for New Year's Eve 2012... What a terrible judgment call that was on my part. So I'm back to proclaim that over a year later - having dined here again in 2013 - with a year of dining experiences across the country -  I still regularly dream of this restaurant. Do I dare say it's my favorite restaurant? I'm not sure but if it's not my favorite it's certainly close.We returned after NYE last year to celebrate my birthday in March making sure to bring along the oh-so-coveted Big Burrito birthday coupon. I ordered the Orecchiette with Chicken Cranberries Goat Cheese & Sage Cream. Oh. My. Goodness. Don't order this if you're on a diet... but order this if you love delicious food and living life to the fullest. It was ridiculously creamy and the cranberries packed the perfect fruity balance to the rich dish. My husband ordered the Double-Cut Pork Chop with Kale & Butternut Squash Risotto. While recently dining at a highly rated restaurant in NYC he said My double-cut pork chop at Casbah was better than this double-cut pork chop. That's when I knew that I needed to update my review of Casbah.Finally my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants and I think this is the best of them all. I would confidently enter this dessert in a bread pudding competition knowing that I would be walking away with the blue ribbon.I recently realized that I had only given Casbah four stars after my first visit here for New Year's Eve 2012... What a terrible judgment call that was on my part. So I'm back to proclaim that over a year later - having dined here again in 2013 - with a year of dining experiences across the country -  I still regularly dream of this restaurant. Do I dare say it's my favorite restaurant? I'm not sure but if it's not my favorite it's certainly close.We returned after NYE last year to celebrate my birthday in March making sure to bring along the oh-so-coveted Big Burrito birthday coupon. I ordered the Orecchiette with Chicken Cranberries Goat Cheese & Sage Cream. Oh. My. Goodness. Don't order this if you're on a diet... but order this if you love delicious food and living life to the fullest. It was ridiculously creamy and the cranberries packed the perfect fruity balance to the rich dish. My husband ordered the Double-Cut Pork Chop with Kale & Butternut Squash Risotto. While recently dining at a highly rated restaurant in NYC he said My double-cut pork chop at Casbah was better than this double-cut pork chop. That's when I knew that I needed to update my review of Casbah.Finally my delicious birthday dinner ended with the Dark Chocolate-Raspberry Bread Pudding. I love ordering bread pudding at restaurants and I think this is the best of them all. I would confidently enter this dessert in a bread pudding competition knowing that I would be walking away with the blue ribbon.