Last night was the first time that we had been to Casbah in a long time - we used to absolutely love it but a couple of disappointing brunch and dinner experiences had put us off of it. However we decided to give it another chance and I am glad that we did. Even though we had a reservation we were seated (without them asking us our preference) in the front area but that was fine since the heaters kept it toasty warm. It was also a great table thanks to our terrific waitress. Wow was she cheerful and friendly! She was also helpful with making recommendations - when I asked her about the cocktails she pointed out the relatively new Beet and Potato which had beet-infused vodka as one of the main ingredients. It was a cool cocktail - an interesting blend of savory and sweet and very seasonally appropriate. I don't know if I would order it again but I'm very glad I had it once.For dinner I ended up having a soup and then an appetizer since I wasn't too hungry. The caramelized onion soup was so warming - it was like an update of the classic french onion soup. The broth was not too salty (a common problem with onion soups) and the onions had been braised perfectly. Everything was just the right texture as the onions broth and crouton blended together.I ordered the sheep's milk gnudi for my main course. Even though it came in an appetizer-sized portion it was still a lot of food since the gnudi are so filling. The gnudi were nicely molten in the middle and just the right softness on the outside. There were a variety of accompaniments to the gnudi but the standouts were the brussel sprouts. I'm actually not a huge fan of sprouts but I ate every one in the dish. They were light and buttery solid but not rock-hard and had just a trace amount of bitterness left. That is how sprouts should taste!Even though I didn't plan on ordering dessert I ended up getting the warm walnut baklava with cinnamon ice cream. The warmth of the baklava melted the ice cream nicely and the flavors just blended together on the plate. The baklava was quite traditional in its assembly and spice blend but the extra cinnamon with cream gave the whole dessert just a bit of extra oomph.In summary I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes and I miss the crazy variety of wine flights that they used to have (it seems like they just have 4 now) but it's still a great dinner destination.Last night was the first time that we had been to Casbah in a long time - we used to absolutely love it but a couple of disappointing brunch and dinner experiences had put us off of it. However we decided to give it another chance and I am glad that we did. Even though we had a reservation we were seated (without them asking us our preference) in the front area but that was fine since the heaters kept it toasty warm. It was also a great table thanks to our terrific waitress. Wow was she cheerful and friendly! She was also helpful with making recommendations - when I asked her about the cocktails she pointed out the relatively new Beet and Potato which had beet-infused vodka as one of the main ingredients. It was a cool cocktail - an interesting blend of savory and sweet and very seasonally appropriate. I don't know if I would order it again but I'm very glad I had it once.For dinner I ended up having a soup and then an appetizer since I wasn't too hungry. The caramelized onion soup was so warming - it was like an update of the classic french onion soup. The broth was not too salty (a common problem with onion soups) and the onions had been braised perfectly. Everything was just the right texture as the onions broth and crouton blended together.I ordered the sheep's milk gnudi for my main course. Even though it came in an appetizer-sized portion it was still a lot of food since the gnudi are so filling. The gnudi were nicely molten in the middle and just the right softness on the outside. There were a variety of accompaniments to the gnudi but the standouts were the brussel sprouts. I'm actually not a huge fan of sprouts but I ate every one in the dish. They were light and buttery solid but not rock-hard and had just a trace amount of bitterness left. That is how sprouts should taste!Even though I didn't plan on ordering dessert I ended up getting the warm walnut baklava with cinnamon ice cream. The warmth of the baklava melted the ice cream nicely and the flavors just blended together on the plate. The baklava was quite traditional in its assembly and spice blend but the extra cinnamon with cream gave the whole dessert just a bit of extra oomph.In summary I'm glad that we gave Casbah another try. I wish that they would go back to offering all of their pastas in both entree and appetizer sizes and I miss the crazy variety of wine flights that they used to have (it seems like they just have 4 now) but it's still a great dinner destination.