Passed this restaurant for years on my way to Buffalo Blues or more recently Mad Mex but have never actually eaten here.  Having finally come for lunch I overall enjoyed it but it had some ups and some downs.  I ordered the Piccola Gusto Menu which for me included the Cream of Cauliflower soup the Orecchiette Pasta and the Roasted Turkey Sandwich.  It sounds like a lot of food but the pasta serving is mini and it's a half sandwich.  For me the size was just right.  The soup was awesome and I could have eaten an entire lunch of just it.  The pasta was a little too creamy for me and just didn't have enough seasoning or spice.  I did love the addition of the cranberries in it though.  The perfect amount of sweet to offset the cream.  The roast turkey sandwich was just that.  Not out of this world but not bad.  My biggest complaint was the service.  It took a really long time to get our meals which is always a bad thing during a weekday lunch.  I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!Passed this restaurant for years on my way to Buffalo Blues or more recently Mad Mex but have never actually eaten here.  Having finally come for lunch I overall enjoyed it but it had some ups and some downs.  I ordered the Piccola Gusto Menu which for me included the Cream of Cauliflower soup the Orecchiette Pasta and the Roasted Turkey Sandwich.  It sounds like a lot of food but the pasta serving is mini and it's a half sandwich.  For me the size was just right.  The soup was awesome and I could have eaten an entire lunch of just it.  The pasta was a little too creamy for me and just didn't have enough seasoning or spice.  I did love the addition of the cranberries in it though.  The perfect amount of sweet to offset the cream.  The roast turkey sandwich was just that.  Not out of this world but not bad.  My biggest complaint was the service.  It took a really long time to get our meals which is always a bad thing during a weekday lunch.  I'd like to go back here for a happy hour when it's warm so I can enjoy the covered patio though and a nice glass of wine!