Being an omnivore myself I have fended off several attempts to visit this restaurant.  My girlfriend is a veg-head aka vegetarian and had wanted to visit Quiet Storm for a while.  When we finally visited this week I was pleasantly surprised.  There is definitely an old-time diner feel with a bit of arts and crafts mixed in.  If you're reading this chances are that you have some notion of the crunchy/hipster/longhair reputation of this place and that perception is certainly accurate to a degree but I did not find the service pretentious or slow at all as some have noted.  Our server was attentive although there were only about seven folks in the place (it was off hours about 4 PM on a Monday.)  I enjoyed the apple panini with seisage (a maiden voyage for me) apple butter cream cheese and cheddar.  The apple butter which seemed almost an add-on when I looked at the menu was actually the star here and the sandwich comes on sundried tomato bread that really adds a lot of flavor to a very simple idea.  My only complaint is about the size of the sandwich.  It could have been larger.  My girlfriend ordered a burrito that was honestly huge and she found it tasty and worthy of a doggie bag.  I would definitely go back and would like to try their weekend brunch which is supposedly quite good.According to the menu and reputation Quiet Storm goes out of their way to use local products and makes quite a few of their products in-house.  That's always a good thing especially when the results are tasty and relatively affordable.Being an omnivore myself I have fended off several attempts to visit this restaurant.  My girlfriend is a veg-head aka vegetarian and had wanted to visit Quiet Storm for a while.  When we finally visited this week I was pleasantly surprised.  There is definitely an old-time diner feel with a bit of arts and crafts mixed in.  If you're reading this chances are that you have some notion of the crunchy/hipster/longhair reputation of this place and that perception is certainly accurate to a degree but I did not find the service pretentious or slow at all as some have noted.  Our server was attentive although there were only about seven folks in the place (it was off hours about 4 PM on a Monday.)  I enjoyed the apple panini with seisage (a maiden voyage for me) apple butter cream cheese and cheddar.  The apple butter which seemed almost an add-on when I looked at the menu was actually the star here and the sandwich comes on sundried tomato bread that really adds a lot of flavor to a very simple idea.  My only complaint is about the size of the sandwich.  It could have been larger.  My girlfriend ordered a burrito that was honestly huge and she found it tasty and worthy of a doggie bag.  I would definitely go back and would like to try their weekend brunch which is supposedly quite good.According to the menu and reputation Quiet Storm goes out of their way to use local products and makes quite a few of their products in-house.  That's always a good thing especially when the results are tasty and relatively affordable.