casbah is the last big burrito restaurant i had left to try and i really liked it. i started with the sangria to drink which was delicious and i'm usually not a huge fan of sweet drinks like that. we split the grilled flatbread app. the dips weren't anything super special but the bread was thick and flavorful. no complaints. then we both got piccola gusta and split all our items. (the piccola gusta gives you salad or soup half a sandwich and half a pasta) between the two of us we had the tomato & basil bisque arugula salad crab cake sandwich salumi sandwich orecchiette pasta and ricotta cavatelli.i'm not a big fan of tomato soup in fact i never eat it but i tried the bisque and loved it. it tasted more like a tomato sauce than soup. the arugula salad was great as well. the crab cake sandwich was really small but good and the salumi sandwich was amazing... probably my favorite part of the meal. both pastas were good but i personally preferred the orecchiette the cranberries sealed the deal for me.i love the atmosphere we sat out on the covered patio and the service was great as well.i'll definitely be back again hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!casbah is the last big burrito restaurant i had left to try and i really liked it. i started with the sangria to drink which was delicious and i'm usually not a huge fan of sweet drinks like that. we split the grilled flatbread app. the dips weren't anything super special but the bread was thick and flavorful. no complaints. then we both got piccola gusta and split all our items. (the piccola gusta gives you salad or soup half a sandwich and half a pasta) between the two of us we had the tomato & basil bisque arugula salad crab cake sandwich salumi sandwich orecchiette pasta and ricotta cavatelli.i'm not a big fan of tomato soup in fact i never eat it but i tried the bisque and loved it. it tasted more like a tomato sauce than soup. the arugula salad was great as well. the crab cake sandwich was really small but good and the salumi sandwich was amazing... probably my favorite part of the meal. both pastas were good but i personally preferred the orecchiette the cranberries sealed the deal for me.i love the atmosphere we sat out on the covered patio and the service was great as well.i'll definitely be back again hopefully to try the different brunch and dinner menus!