Picture Billy Joel's Piano Man DOUBLED mixed with beer a rowdy crowd and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.If you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep they play that... new or old.The crowd makes the show so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!Picture Billy Joel's Piano Man DOUBLED mixed with beer a rowdy crowd and comedy - Welcome to Sing Sing!  A unique musical experience found in Homestead.If you're looking to grab a bite to eat or a beer come on in!  Serving food and brews from Rock Bottom Brewery Sing Sing keeps your tummy full while you listen to two (or more) amazingly talented pianists take your musical requests.  They'll play anything you'd like for tips of course.  Wanting to hear Britney Spears?  Toto?  Duran Duran?  Yep they play that... new or old.The crowd makes the show so make sure you come ready for a good time.  If the crowd is dead it's harder for the Guys to get a reaction.  If you're wanting to have some fun it can be a GREAT time!  It's the perfect place for Birthday parties - especially if you want to embarrass a friend.  The guys will bring them up to the pianos and perform a little ditty.  For being a good sport you get the coveted Sing Sing bumper sticker.  Now who wouldn't want that?Dueling Pianos and brews... time to Shut Up & Sing Sing!