Very trendy cool out of the way place that I definitely suggest you check out.  This is a Tony Pais restaurant he owns another more formal place downtown but I forget the name.  He used to own Baum Vivant on Baum Blvd.  This was a great place.  The last I was there was 7 or 8 years ago.  It was total formal fuu fuu fine dining but what an experience.  Anyways it's gone now and I haven't been to one of his places since until last night when a friend suggested we try this little oasis located on Spahr St.  This place is the opposite with respect to atmosphere than Baum Vivant.  It's in a converted garage with a few outdoor tables.  It's cash only and BYOB.  It's very informal and I got away with wearing tennis shoes and my Super Size My Foie Gras fruit of the loom t-shirt.  Don't need to get dressed up to enjoy amazing food.  The inside of the restaurant/garage has a high ceilings and an eclectic mix of non-matching tables that I imagine were collected from Thrift stores.  The service was awesome spot on from start to finish.  The lovely european women who served and hosted had big smiles and a genuine appreciation when we said we liked the food.  The meal started with some warm rolls that they may cook on site.  It was served with ice cold butter.  That's fine but let's get a little more creative people on the butter dips with the bread.  The first course was this amazing artichoke soup.  This literally is the best soup I've tried since I can remember and I eat out all the time.  The flavor was layored with the cream maybe nutmeg maybe spinach and also what tasted to me like a shellfish broth.  It was a very complex flavor.  Amazing!  Next was a goat cheese dish served inside of phyllo dough.  It was tasty but a little too rich for my taste.  The inside of the dough had apricots mixed with the goat cheese and the sauce was some type of combination of walnuts and apples pureed'.  Interesting but didn't add too much to the dish.  Also we tried a smoked salmon appetizer served on croutons with capers.  It was perfect and I really like their portions here.  They don't try to kill you with the size of the dishes.  My friend ordered the crabcakes which were two small mostly lump crabmeat portions.  They were delicious served with a mushroom cream sauce.  The rice that was served with the crabcakes were another story totally tasteless and not seasoned well. The rice was also a liitle mushy.  I tried the Elysian Fields lamb burger.  I had never seen an Elysian Fields lamb burger so I thought I'd give it a try.  It was a decent portion (4 oz. I'd guess) at a reasonable price $11.  I didnt' really get to tell the difference between regular lamb and Elysian because they overcooked the burger to well done and it lost much of the flavor.  Overall I'll stick to Tessaro's for my burgers.  We finished with a chocolate mousse which was okay but I thought too heavy for a mousse.  I got out of here with a $65 + tax bill for all this amazing food.  What's even better is that because it's byob I probably saved $30 for the bottle of wine as well.  I really like the fact I can have interesting food relatively cheap in a casual atmosphere.  One last thing they don't have AC so you may want to pick a cooler night if you plan on sitting indoors.  They also say they don't take reservations on the menu but we were able to make a reservation on Sunday for Monday for two people.