I'm not sure why this place is called Casbah.  Casbah conjures up images of genies and sand dunes or something.  Nothing about this place seems remotely middle eastern to me other than the name.That aside good food and great service.  Definitely a place to impress.  I especially enjoy patronizing establishments that focus on seasonable sustainably harvested ingredients and although Casbah is not doing the whole locavore thing it certainly is striving for the organic and seasonal thing.  So off the bat that gives it big points in my book.We started with the calamari and the squash ravioli.  Skip the ravioli - small and kind of dried out.  But the calamari was MEATY and perfectly fried.  I actually had to stop because I was feeling ill from eating too many of them.We all had the argula salad which was delicious.  Quite sizeable too given the setting.  Finally I had the scallop and crab meat... uh... pasta dish (I have no idea what kind of pasta it was... sorry).  Which was quite good.  I actually would have preferred it over linguine I think but whatever.  It was deelish.Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it but it wasn't a WOW experience.  Better luck next time perhaps.I'm not sure why this place is called Casbah.  Casbah conjures up images of genies and sand dunes or something.  Nothing about this place seems remotely middle eastern to me other than the name.That aside good food and great service.  Definitely a place to impress.  I especially enjoy patronizing establishments that focus on seasonable sustainably harvested ingredients and although Casbah is not doing the whole locavore thing it certainly is striving for the organic and seasonal thing.  So off the bat that gives it big points in my book.We started with the calamari and the squash ravioli.  Skip the ravioli - small and kind of dried out.  But the calamari was MEATY and perfectly fried.  I actually had to stop because I was feeling ill from eating too many of them.We all had the argula salad which was delicious.  Quite sizeable too given the setting.  Finally I had the scallop and crab meat... uh... pasta dish (I have no idea what kind of pasta it was... sorry).  Which was quite good.  I actually would have preferred it over linguine I think but whatever.  It was deelish.Not sure why I'm not giving this place five stars.  I really enjoyed it but it wasn't a WOW experience.  Better luck next time perhaps.