On three separate visits I've enjoyed three great cups of coffee. No complaints there. Unfortunately that consistency hasn't been there for everyone. On a visit with my wife her latte came out far too milky. Probably just a mistake so we reasoned that this place deserved a second chance. The next time around we order a pair of cappuccinos one with vanilla --Now before I go any further I recognize that cappuccinos are typically made without sugar or added flavoring. I have also been to a ton of neighborhood coffee shops have heard the question wet or dry a thousand times. Sometimes a wet cap is really what you're hoping for in a latte. And even when it's not like most people I don't snark or complain when someone gives me a cup that isn't quite what I was hoping for. I usually end up liking it anyways. My taste buds aren't that delicate.Perhaps you can see where I'm going with this story. Vanilla cappuccino. I get it it's not something that's done. But when someone asks you for something you don't sell just explain the situation politely. If you feel the need to snark share knowing glances or anything along those lines just stifle it. Trust me I've seen many professionals perform better with requests far more ridiculous. There's really never any need for snobbery. So I've got to dock Tazza d'Oro a bit. Too bad because the coffee is pretty good.On three separate visits I've enjoyed three great cups of coffee. No complaints there. Unfortunately that consistency hasn't been there for everyone. On a visit with my wife her latte came out far too milky. Probably just a mistake so we reasoned that this place deserved a second chance. The next time around we order a pair of cappuccinos one with vanilla --Now before I go any further I recognize that cappuccinos are typically made without sugar or added flavoring. I have also been to a ton of neighborhood coffee shops have heard the question wet or dry a thousand times. Sometimes a wet cap is really what you're hoping for in a latte. And even when it's not like most people I don't snark or complain when someone gives me a cup that isn't quite what I was hoping for. I usually end up liking it anyways. My taste buds aren't that delicate.Perhaps you can see where I'm going with this story. Vanilla cappuccino. I get it it's not something that's done. But when someone asks you for something you don't sell just explain the situation politely. If you feel the need to snark share knowing glances or anything along those lines just stifle it. Trust me I've seen many professionals perform better with requests far more ridiculous. There's really never any need for snobbery. So I've got to dock Tazza d'Oro a bit. Too bad because the coffee is pretty good.