I would have to say I'm pretty partial to Rock Bottom I have been going almost every Thursday for the past 3 years because of the fantastic Team Trivia. My friends and I love the atmosphere the DJ (Todd) and the service that we get at Rock Bottom. Every week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new! As an avid Rock Bottomer hands down I have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than I have had here at Rock Bottom. Whether I have eaten dinner or not before I come down to the restaurant my favorite and my food of choice is the ENORMOUS Ball park pretzels with the cheese dip. It is a meal itself! The mixture of onions cheese spinach and tomatoes is perfection! Another favorite of mine is the Barbecue Chicken Pizza it has a great kick to it and it's big enough for two people. The service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff. A truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people! Come to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!I would have to say I'm pretty partial to Rock Bottom I have been going almost every Thursday for the past 3 years because of the fantastic Team Trivia. My friends and I love the atmosphere the DJ (Todd) and the service that we get at Rock Bottom. Every week when we go a menu is never needed because we pretty much know everything we want on it except for when the change the menu from time to time and we get to have a special treat with something new! As an avid Rock Bottomer hands down I have never in my life had a better spicy spinach cheese dip than I have had here at Rock Bottom. Whether I have eaten dinner or not before I come down to the restaurant my favorite and my food of choice is the ENORMOUS Ball park pretzels with the cheese dip. It is a meal itself! The mixture of onions cheese spinach and tomatoes is perfection! Another favorite of mine is the Barbecue Chicken Pizza it has a great kick to it and it's big enough for two people. The service has always been super great and now since we go often we have developed a great relationship with some of the wait staff. A truly great place to have fun with friends and meet new people! Come to Team Trivia every Thursday at 8pm!