Despite my 3-star rating I think I will be coming back here again to give it a second try.I got the smashed potatoes with seitan cheese and aioli.  The first bite was OK--the aioli didn't quite suit my taste but everything else worked pretty well together.  However 20 some-odd bites in to the dish the flavors were getting repetitive and the mushy texture started to gross me out.  I got about half-way through eating the dish and the so-so aioli became too much for me.  I couldn't take another bite.However my wife's apple panini was delicious.  I would probably eat a few of those if I came back.  The cream cheese cinnamon (from the bread?) and apple all worked together in glorious harmony.On a strange note while we were eating some camera guys came in and started setting up what looked to be an interview.  We asked the staff what was going on.  Apparently someone was filming their submission/application to be on a reality show.  Oh cool we thought.  What reality show? we asked.  Not sure something on the Golf Channel they replied.  HAHAHAHA!  I thought watching grass growing on TV was boring enough.  Now they're making a reality show about it.In the end  the gross aioli was inexcusable to me.  Otherwise I'd probably go 4 stars.   I still plan to come back and give it another shot.Despite my 3-star rating I think I will be coming back here again to give it a second try.I got the smashed potatoes with seitan cheese and aioli.  The first bite was OK--the aioli didn't quite suit my taste but everything else worked pretty well together.  However 20 some-odd bites in to the dish the flavors were getting repetitive and the mushy texture started to gross me out.  I got about half-way through eating the dish and the so-so aioli became too much for me.  I couldn't take another bite.However my wife's apple panini was delicious.  I would probably eat a few of those if I came back.  The cream cheese cinnamon (from the bread?) and apple all worked together in glorious harmony.On a strange note while we were eating some camera guys came in and started setting up what looked to be an interview.  We asked the staff what was going on.  Apparently someone was filming their submission/application to be on a reality show.  Oh cool we thought.  What reality show? we asked.  Not sure something on the Golf Channel they replied.  HAHAHAHA!  I thought watching grass growing on TV was boring enough.  Now they're making a reality show about it.In the end  the gross aioli was inexcusable to me.  Otherwise I'd probably go 4 stars.   I still plan to come back and give it another shot.