Tom and I decided to try this place out before catching a late movie on a Saturday night. He is a beer buff and neither of us had ever been there so we gave it a go.We walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait. We put our names on the list and went shopping around the area. About 25 minutes later our table was ready. Parking was a cluster since the lot is shared with Dave & Busters and a karaoke bar called Sing Sing. Tom dropped me off at the door so I could secure our table.Our server Jackie approached me almost immediately and brought two waters to the table to start. She was very attentive and funny and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant. Tom ordered a Red Ale and to his surprise didn't care for it. Jackie gave Tom three free samples of beers she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habits. He loved all three and chose the most bizarre (and expensive) beer. Jackie switched the Red Ale to the beer of Tom's choice and charged us for the less expensive beer. Very nice of her!We started out with the Ball Park Pretzels with Jalapeno dip. The pretzels came out quickly and they were very fresh not to mention huge! We only ate one and took the other to go. Very good app though! Tom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger and I got the Chicken Fried Chicken which was a pounded chicken breast breaded and fried over white cheddar mashed potatoes with a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw.  Tom's burger came with a small handful of fries and my meal was very spread out on my plate like something was missing. Not very good presentation at all. The food itself was okay nothing to write home about. The potatoes were my favorite part. Tom said that his burger was mediocre.Another note: The bathrooms are shared with the Sing Sing karaoke bar that is in the same building so expect drunk singing women in the bathrooms and brides-to-be puking in the stall next to you after enjoying too much alcohol at their bachelorette party... Yuck.Overall we might come back for the beer and service but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom...Tom and I decided to try this place out before catching a late movie on a Saturday night. He is a beer buff and neither of us had ever been there so we gave it a go.We walked in around 8pm and we were told that there would be an hour long wait. We put our names on the list and went shopping around the area. About 25 minutes later our table was ready. Parking was a cluster since the lot is shared with Dave & Busters and a karaoke bar called Sing Sing. Tom dropped me off at the door so I could secure our table.Our server Jackie approached me almost immediately and brought two waters to the table to start. She was very attentive and funny and probably the best part of our experience at the restaurant. Tom ordered a Red Ale and to his surprise didn't care for it. Jackie gave Tom three free samples of beers she thought he would like after talking to him about his beer drinking habits. He loved all three and chose the most bizarre (and expensive) beer. Jackie switched the Red Ale to the beer of Tom's choice and charged us for the less expensive beer. Very nice of her!We started out with the Ball Park Pretzels with Jalapeno dip. The pretzels came out quickly and they were very fresh not to mention huge! We only ate one and took the other to go. Very good app though! Tom ordered some sort of bacon cheeseburger and I got the Chicken Fried Chicken which was a pounded chicken breast breaded and fried over white cheddar mashed potatoes with a side of gravy and some apple coleslaw.  Tom's burger came with a small handful of fries and my meal was very spread out on my plate like something was missing. Not very good presentation at all. The food itself was okay nothing to write home about. The potatoes were my favorite part. Tom said that his burger was mediocre.Another note: The bathrooms are shared with the Sing Sing karaoke bar that is in the same building so expect drunk singing women in the bathrooms and brides-to-be puking in the stall next to you after enjoying too much alcohol at their bachelorette party... Yuck.Overall we might come back for the beer and service but not for the food. And DEFINITELY not to use the bathroom...