I was SO ready to like this place!  Turns out not so much.  It was okay.  No better than TGIFridays but better than Eat n Park!  The deets.The hubster and I were here on a Saturday evening after a show at the Improv so we were happy and in a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats.  We ordered drinks.  He a wheat beer of their brewing me my fave Bloody Mary with Absolut Peppar.  The hubster deemed the beer acceptable but wouldn't go out of his way to come back just for another one....yes he DID order another one just to be sure.  My Bloody sucked.  Watered down tomato juice with no discernible Peppar of any kind let alone any other seasonings.  Even a good standard mix would have been better.  Our very efficient and friendly waitress took it back and watched while it was remade by the other bartender.  Nope no better at all.  That went back and I went with a you-can't-screw-it-up Amaretto sour.  It was fine.Hub ordered a Reuben - why I'll never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented Gazebo in Shadyside.  You younguns wouldn't have a clue of the establishment of which I speak.  He said this one was fine.  I had the Texas Fire steak with jalapeno butter which I enjoyed very much!  Packed a punch of heat and flavor but the sides were uninspired.  Steamed veggies.  Any flavor was steamed out in the process - eh.  Cheddar mashed potatoes - there was cheddar in there?????  No way!The tab was reasonable - we DID have a Living Social deal that took $30 off so our check was for $12 and change not including tip.  Not bad (even with the $15 cost of the LS Deal) but had we paid full price it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  We'll hit the Improv again - we have before - but we'll head somewhere else afterwards.I was SO ready to like this place!  Turns out not so much.  It was okay.  No better than TGIFridays but better than Eat n Park!  The deets.The hubster and I were here on a Saturday evening after a show at the Improv so we were happy and in a good mood and ready to enjoy some good eats.  We ordered drinks.  He a wheat beer of their brewing me my fave Bloody Mary with Absolut Peppar.  The hubster deemed the beer acceptable but wouldn't go out of his way to come back just for another one....yes he DID order another one just to be sure.  My Bloody sucked.  Watered down tomato juice with no discernible Peppar of any kind let alone any other seasonings.  Even a good standard mix would have been better.  Our very efficient and friendly waitress took it back and watched while it was remade by the other bartender.  Nope no better at all.  That went back and I went with a you-can't-screw-it-up Amaretto sour.  It was fine.Hub ordered a Reuben - why I'll never know because they simply never measure up to the gold standard of what used to be at the long-lamented Gazebo in Shadyside.  You younguns wouldn't have a clue of the establishment of which I speak.  He said this one was fine.  I had the Texas Fire steak with jalapeno butter which I enjoyed very much!  Packed a punch of heat and flavor but the sides were uninspired.  Steamed veggies.  Any flavor was steamed out in the process - eh.  Cheddar mashed potatoes - there was cheddar in there?????  No way!The tab was reasonable - we DID have a Living Social deal that took $30 off so our check was for $12 and change not including tip.  Not bad (even with the $15 cost of the LS Deal) but had we paid full price it wouldn't have been worth the experience.  We'll hit the Improv again - we have before - but we'll head somewhere else afterwards.