Dueling piano bars in Pittsburgh started at Station Square and they died out. Then when the chain restaurant magnet waterfront opened in 2000 the parent company of The Rock Bottom Breweries decided to open Sing Sing in back of The Brewery.When it first opened it was pretty cool. The very first house band could put on a show that led to standing ovations. I know I was there. From Stairway to Heaven to Free Bird Stayin' Alive to She's My Cherry Pie Elton John to the Boss they were amazing at sounding like the bands they were covering. Equally incredible were the obscure songs that audience members would shout out songs only you though you knew and they would effortlessly sing a good portion of the song sounding like the band who's song they sung.But today Sing Sing seems like it's stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano shout out a song to stump the band Sing us a song you're the piano man has run it's course. I don't hate Sing Sing but I could never come here more than once a year. It's a been there done that kind of place.Dueling piano bars in Pittsburgh started at Station Square and they died out. Then when the chain restaurant magnet waterfront opened in 2000 the parent company of The Rock Bottom Breweries decided to open Sing Sing in back of The Brewery.When it first opened it was pretty cool. The very first house band could put on a show that led to standing ovations. I know I was there. From Stairway to Heaven to Free Bird Stayin' Alive to She's My Cherry Pie Elton John to the Boss they were amazing at sounding like the bands they were covering. Equally incredible were the obscure songs that audience members would shout out songs only you though you knew and they would effortlessly sing a good portion of the song sounding like the band who's song they sung.But today Sing Sing seems like it's stuck in the early part of the 21st century. The whole dueling piano shout out a song to stump the band Sing us a song you're the piano man has run it's course. I don't hate Sing Sing but I could never come here more than once a year. It's a been there done that kind of place.