Great place for dinner drinks or a small celebration.Papa J's is one of my favorite go to places for dinner when we don't have reservations and want a nice dinner out. My husband and I have eatten here upwards of 20 times over the last few years and have never been disappointed. I assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra tables for dining on the other side of the resturant that  the overall vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy. I have been proved wrong.  We are always able to walk in on a weekend and get a table within a few minutes. Unfortunately the alternate bar/lounge area isn't always open. I really don't understand why more people don't go here. My favorites are the fried zucchini wedding soup and pizza.The zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well. The wedding soup has big chunks of carrots and celery. My husband also enjoys the pork entrees especially the grilled pork and the pastas including the tomato cream sauce. Also their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is a great way to wet your appetite. Make sure to add the parmesan cheese that they put on the table. Also if you are looking for a good place to host a birthday party or event consider Papa Js. They have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food.Great place for dinner drinks or a small celebration.Papa J's is one of my favorite go to places for dinner when we don't have reservations and want a nice dinner out. My husband and I have eatten here upwards of 20 times over the last few years and have never been disappointed. I assumed that when they opened the alternate bar with lounge area and extra tables for dining on the other side of the resturant that  the overall vibe of the restaurant would change and it would be very busy. I have been proved wrong.  We are always able to walk in on a weekend and get a table within a few minutes. Unfortunately the alternate bar/lounge area isn't always open. I really don't understand why more people don't go here. My favorites are the fried zucchini wedding soup and pizza.The zucchini is always crispy and seasoned well. The wedding soup has big chunks of carrots and celery. My husband also enjoys the pork entrees especially the grilled pork and the pastas including the tomato cream sauce. Also their homemade italian bread with oil and vinegar to dip is a great way to wet your appetite. Make sure to add the parmesan cheese that they put on the table. Also if you are looking for a good place to host a birthday party or event consider Papa Js. They have a great catering menu and are easily able to accomodate larger parties. We had our rehersal dinner for our wedding here and everyone loved the food.