I had a wonderful meal and terrific evening at Cafe Zinho. Before I talk about the food however I want to explain why I'm giving Zinho only 4 stars. There are two major factors that negatively affected my overall experience. First for a restaurant as expensive as Zinho (somewhere between $80-100 for two people) I think it's absurd that they don't accept credit cards. They are CASH or PERSONAL CHECK ONLY. For a place like this - with prices like these - it just comes off as cheap. Secondly when I called to make a reservation they encouraged me to bring a bottle of wine (it's BYOB) but did not mention the corkage fees which will vary depending on the number of people and the number of bottles. It just seemed strange to not mention that additional charge when I called to make the reservation. True 5-star restaurants might work transaction and corkage fees into their menu prices but I think the quality restaurant culture is beginning to move away from charging separate fees.Those minor complaints aside our meal at Cafe Zinho was phenomenal. I wanted something upscale and out-of-the-ordinary for our one night in Pittsburgh. We drove 10 miles from downtown - through sudden blizzard conditions - specifically for this place. Though neither of us are huge seafood aficionados their menu is very accessible to both adventurous and more reticent eaters. For an appetizer we ordered the puff pastry-encased goat cheese laid in a sweet pumpkinseed sauce. The entrees really stole the night however. I ordered the mussels in a vodka tomato sauce laid overtop pappardelle pasta. The sauce included chopped onions and other spices worked right into it making its consistency chunky rather than creamy - the word used by the menu description. My fiancé ordered the crab cakes with the lemon-vanilla glaze. Both of us were blown away by these entrees not to mention obsessed with their Portuguese cornbread that they bring to the table (out of this world). For dessert the options change - but it appears they usually have a cheesecake and mousse option.  The staff was helpful kind and very invested in their food. The ambiance is very intimate: a small place with a seating capacity of no more than 35 original art lining the walls and a small bar at the entrance (it's more of a server area because they don't serve alcohol on the premises). Overall a really memorable evening only slightly marred by those strange fees which could be easily avoided. Just remember your checkbook and be prepared for corkage fees - if you go prepared the only surprises will be the delicious kind offered by Cafe Zinho.