I'm actually giving it 3.5 stars.  3 for the appetizers and 4 for the entrees.  My wife and I went to Casbah for the first time.  As we usually do we decided to share our entrees (TIP - you can get half portion sizes of the pastas!!) and augment the meal with a few appetizers.  For the appetizers we got the chickpea flatbread the arugula salad and the sea scallops.  The flatbread and salad were just OK.  The sea scallops would have been delicious except for the cured egg yolk which was infused in the avacado sauce.  For those who have never tried a cured egg yolk I would consider yourself lucky.  Actually the taste wasn't too bad.  The smell however reminded me of what you would smell if you were on the set of a nasty version of a Hoarders TV episode.  Must be an acquired taste.For the main course we chose the short rib ravioli and the cavatelli.  Both were excellent especially the ravioli.  No complaints at all.Overall a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately some of the food was a slight disappointment.I'm actually giving it 3.5 stars.  3 for the appetizers and 4 for the entrees.  My wife and I went to Casbah for the first time.  As we usually do we decided to share our entrees (TIP - you can get half portion sizes of the pastas!!) and augment the meal with a few appetizers.  For the appetizers we got the chickpea flatbread the arugula salad and the sea scallops.  The flatbread and salad were just OK.  The sea scallops would have been delicious except for the cured egg yolk which was infused in the avacado sauce.  For those who have never tried a cured egg yolk I would consider yourself lucky.  Actually the taste wasn't too bad.  The smell however reminded me of what you would smell if you were on the set of a nasty version of a Hoarders TV episode.  Must be an acquired taste.For the main course we chose the short rib ravioli and the cavatelli.  Both were excellent especially the ravioli.  No complaints at all.Overall a very pleasant experience.  Good atmosphere.  Our waitress was very friendly.  The place was busy and had a nice vibe to it.  Unfortunately some of the food was a slight disappointment.