Well it's official Shadyside is becoming my new favorite area for restaurants.  Damn you Big Burrito Group with your local ingredients contemporary design and excellent service.  I was here last night and on a Monday this place was doing brisk business (definitely a good sign).  The space itself is beautiful.  You  enter from S. Highland into the outdoor dining area which because of the heaters is viable almost every day of the year.  There is plenty of seating outdoors and a few tables indoors.  The design is contemporary.  The bar is large and has a nice area opposite for more informal seating.  The one thing I dislike about the bar area is that the stools are actually chairs that are not moveable so your distance next to your neighbor is pre-determined.  I also prefer to stand at  the bar instead of sitting and this set up makes that more difficult.  The wine selection is pretty extensive and they have a good happy hour special that any wine or premium cocktail is just $5 which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me but I guess it's what I should expect since it's ground up olives basically.  The bread was great.  It was warm really hearty bread that was wheat I think definitely not white.  It was served with room temperature butter with some sea salt on top.  Really good start.  We then tried the smoked salmon appetizer.  I'm a huge fan of smoked salmon and was pleased with the quality of the fish served nicely with capers and chopped egg.  It also was served with a patatoe pancake that was crisp on the outside with warm and delicious  filling.  The only thing I was a bit perplexed about was why it wasn't served with some type of bread or crouton to put the salmon on.  However the waiter was happy to oblige by bringing out a few of the toasted ciabatta.  We also tried the lamb mac and cheese (omg was this good).  The pasta was cooked al dente' and definitely made in house.  The sauce and lamb were amazing.  This would make a fine entree' in my opinion and is total comfort food reinvented.  The only detraction I'd say is that it is a very heavy dish to serve as an appetizer on a summer menu.  Fiona had the arugula salad which was nicely prepared with pork belly (kind of like bacon) feta and a few other interesting ingredients.  We also tried the short rib ravioli which was incredible as well albeit a heavy dish.  By the time we got to this I think we only tried one ravioli each (plenty of leftovers).  This is such a rich dish because shortribs are like the epitome' of richness and then to wrap them in ravioli and add cream sauce is really indulgent.  But then again this is my chef not my cardiologist.  I tried the Elysian Fields Lamb which was cooked perfectly medium and then served with their homemade pasta wrapped around some of the lamb as well.  This was really good and the pasta was a surprise.  I actually would have preferred a green vegatable on the side instead of pasta and mashed potatoes.  The bartenders are good especially FionaOverall a really good place and a nice flagship of the big burrito group.Well it's official Shadyside is becoming my new favorite area for restaurants.  Damn you Big Burrito Group with your local ingredients contemporary design and excellent service.  I was here last night and on a Monday this place was doing brisk business (definitely a good sign).  The space itself is beautiful.  You  enter from S. Highland into the outdoor dining area which because of the heaters is viable almost every day of the year.  There is plenty of seating outdoors and a few tables indoors.  The design is contemporary.  The bar is large and has a nice area opposite for more informal seating.  The one thing I dislike about the bar area is that the stools are actually chairs that are not moveable so your distance next to your neighbor is pre-determined.  I also prefer to stand at  the bar instead of sitting and this set up makes that more difficult.  The wine selection is pretty extensive and they have a good happy hour special that any wine or premium cocktail is just $5 which is really good when many of their wines are priced at over $10 per glass.  The hostess was very nice and professional even though she was young taking our names as we went to the bar for a drink and then anticipating our return with two menus in hand.  The server was a nice enough guy and helpful when it came time for our dinner selection.  We ordered a bottle of conundrum which is a delicious choice and I guess in line with what others charge.  We were started with an olive tepenade (sp?) and some crusty toasted thinly sliced ciabatta I think.  The tepenade was too oily and salty for me but I guess it's what I should expect since it's ground up olives basically.  The bread was great.  It was warm really hearty bread that was wheat I think definitely not white.  It was served with room temperature butter with some sea salt on top.  Really good start.  We then tried the smoked salmon appetizer.  I'm a huge fan of smoked salmon and was pleased with the quality of the fish served nicely with capers and chopped egg.  It also was served with a patatoe pancake that was crisp on the outside with warm and delicious  filling.  The only thing I was a bit perplexed about was why it wasn't served with some type of bread or crouton to put the salmon on.  However the waiter was happy to oblige by bringing out a few of the toasted ciabatta.  We also tried the lamb mac and cheese (omg was this good).  The pasta was cooked al dente' and definitely made in house.  The sauce and lamb were amazing.  This would make a fine entree' in my opinion and is total comfort food reinvented.  The only detraction I'd say is that it is a very heavy dish to serve as an appetizer on a summer menu.  Fiona had the arugula salad which was nicely prepared with pork belly (kind of like bacon) feta and a few other interesting ingredients.  We also tried the short rib ravioli which was incredible as well albeit a heavy dish.  By the time we got to this I think we only tried one ravioli each (plenty of leftovers).  This is such a rich dish because shortribs are like the epitome' of richness and then to wrap them in ravioli and add cream sauce is really indulgent.  But then again this is my chef not my cardiologist.  I tried the Elysian Fields Lamb which was cooked perfectly medium and then served with their homemade pasta wrapped around some of the lamb as well.  This was really good and the pasta was a surprise.  I actually would have preferred a green vegatable on the side instead of pasta and mashed potatoes.  The bartenders are good especially FionaOverall a really good place and a nice flagship of the big burrito group.