Quiet Storm truly is a wonderful neighborhood gem. Surrounded by a desolate urban landscape I never would've expected this colorful creative coffee shop to have such impressive food.My dinner here consisted of an apple panini and a shampoo a strange (but delicious!) cherry and almond cream soda. It very well might have taken me 20 minutes or more simply to decide on my beverage of choice - their list was not only long but offered more innovative choices than I could have ever dreamt up. Among them an impressive array of Italian sodas (lavender & lemon mango & lime white choc & mint etc.) an enticing selection of lemonades (ginger lemonade lavender lemonade) and some excellent-sounding tea combinations. To top it off almost all flavors were available in the form of vegan milkshakes. How they concocted all of these culinary ideas is absolutely beyond me. (I apologize to the coffee drinkers. As a tea drinker myself I hardly paid attention to that half of the menu.)The apple panini I ordered came out quickly and was complemented with a side of tortilla chips and salsa. My panini included granny smith apples apple butter sharp cheddar cream cheese and seisage (vegetarian sausage) atop sun-dried tomato bread (though it seemed more like raisin to me). Never in a million years would I have come up with this strange combination of flavors but it definitely worked. As described in the menu indeed it was highly addictive.Table service was great nothing took too long and it seemed pleasant and casual. No overbearing waiters no frills etc.Given the fact that I live about a mile away I think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future.Quiet Storm truly is a wonderful neighborhood gem. Surrounded by a desolate urban landscape I never would've expected this colorful creative coffee shop to have such impressive food.My dinner here consisted of an apple panini and a shampoo a strange (but delicious!) cherry and almond cream soda. It very well might have taken me 20 minutes or more simply to decide on my beverage of choice - their list was not only long but offered more innovative choices than I could have ever dreamt up. Among them an impressive array of Italian sodas (lavender & lemon mango & lime white choc & mint etc.) an enticing selection of lemonades (ginger lemonade lavender lemonade) and some excellent-sounding tea combinations. To top it off almost all flavors were available in the form of vegan milkshakes. How they concocted all of these culinary ideas is absolutely beyond me. (I apologize to the coffee drinkers. As a tea drinker myself I hardly paid attention to that half of the menu.)The apple panini I ordered came out quickly and was complemented with a side of tortilla chips and salsa. My panini included granny smith apples apple butter sharp cheddar cream cheese and seisage (vegetarian sausage) atop sun-dried tomato bread (though it seemed more like raisin to me). Never in a million years would I have come up with this strange combination of flavors but it definitely worked. As described in the menu indeed it was highly addictive.Table service was great nothing took too long and it seemed pleasant and casual. No overbearing waiters no frills etc.Given the fact that I live about a mile away I think they should be expecting yet another regular in the very near future.