Well the experience did not start well. When we walked in the singing we heard was NOT good. Oy was it not good... Thankfully it (mostly) improved from there.So there were 3 piano players rotating out on a half hour basis. So each was on for an hour and off for half. Of the 3 two were really good. Good singers good piano players and very funny. The third guy well not so much. Piano skills were fine. But his singing was not. When he sang in his range he wasn't too bad actually but too often he reached for notes that he couldn't get to or forced things that just weren't going to happen. Often his jokes fell completely flat. Luckily the other two usually did most the talking.They played a variety of songs as requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional styles if requested (Closer by NIN as sung by a lounge singer was a highlight). We requested Britney Spears' Toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it a shot and as luck would have it it turned out REALLY good. That takes some serious talent to pull off. If they didn't know it (like Toxic) they'd find it and play it. They played a wide variety of stuff.Part of the experience is based on the crowd. We had a couple larger groups (there on a Thursday night so smallish group in general) that they interacted with a lot providing some running jokes and comedy. Of course that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.My friends were BIG fans of the super cheap beer specials. $1 drafts from Rock Bottom next door. The waitress wasn't great but it could have been that she was the only one there and the layout isn't that easy to navigate. The bar was generally uncrowded though so getting service there was fast.If in the Waterfront for a night out definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs/jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun.Well the experience did not start well. When we walked in the singing we heard was NOT good. Oy was it not good... Thankfully it (mostly) improved from there.So there were 3 piano players rotating out on a half hour basis. So each was on for an hour and off for half. Of the 3 two were really good. Good singers good piano players and very funny. The third guy well not so much. Piano skills were fine. But his singing was not. When he sang in his range he wasn't too bad actually but too often he reached for notes that he couldn't get to or forced things that just weren't going to happen. Often his jokes fell completely flat. Luckily the other two usually did most the talking.They played a variety of songs as requested by the crowd and would do them in unconventional styles if requested (Closer by NIN as sung by a lounge singer was a highlight). We requested Britney Spears' Toxic cause we thought it would be funny and so they gave it a shot and as luck would have it it turned out REALLY good. That takes some serious talent to pull off. If they didn't know it (like Toxic) they'd find it and play it. They played a wide variety of stuff.Part of the experience is based on the crowd. We had a couple larger groups (there on a Thursday night so smallish group in general) that they interacted with a lot providing some running jokes and comedy. Of course that also meant some annoying drunk people feeling like they could take over half the show.My friends were BIG fans of the super cheap beer specials. $1 drafts from Rock Bottom next door. The waitress wasn't great but it could have been that she was the only one there and the layout isn't that easy to navigate. The bar was generally uncrowded though so getting service there was fast.If in the Waterfront for a night out definitely a place to hit and have some fun if you are up for some fun and willing to sit through a couple clunkers of songs/jokes. Having a fun loving group of friends to mock things with when they go off the rails a bit will help make it more fun.