Honestly this the last place you'd ever expect to see me. First it's a vegan/veggie cafe I am a complete carnivore. Secondly it's like hipster brunch paradise I'm super preppy (a heavily tattoed preppy person but still).  Yet this was one of the only places open on Labor Day and I walked in with my vegan friend she immediately recognized her people and practically jizzed in her pants over the menu. OMG seitan gravy and cheez?WTF is seitan gravy and cheez? Why does she keep calling vegan cheese cheez anyway? I decided to go with the flow and order the Home Fries Ranchero. Basically their famous home fries chili sour cream eggs or tofu and cheez. I went native and ordered tofu vs eggs and you know what? I liked it. It came out in a big heaping pile on a 70s retro plastic plate accompanied with some awesome coffee. My friend had hummus and pita cause not only is she vegan she only eats things in the white/beige color range (food racist).One bad thing the bathroom has no door only the stall does. Basically it's a unisex bathroom where all the delightful sounds and smells can be experienced by diners directly in front of you. For a place that serves chili and cheez they may want to reconsider this open approach.There are some previous reviews about arrogant hipsters/bad service etc. I have say our waitress was awesome and attentive. My coffee was filled routinely she understood that requesting a buttload of cream meant a larger carafe of cream rather than a thimble. The host was apologetic for making us wait for more than a few minutes to sit down.I do admit it does have the indie coffee house feel and yes hipsters abound here but I have a feeling these are some legit hipsters. Not the trust fund having whiny I drink PBR and annoy people with my smugness style hipster.  I bet these hipsters been squezzing their junk into tight pants long before I was born. I don't know I just get that impression. I however feel a little weird for writing such a positive review on a uber crunchy place so I feel the need to go slash tires on someone's Prius now.Honestly this the last place you'd ever expect to see me. First it's a vegan/veggie cafe I am a complete carnivore. Secondly it's like hipster brunch paradise I'm super preppy (a heavily tattoed preppy person but still).  Yet this was one of the only places open on Labor Day and I walked in with my vegan friend she immediately recognized her people and practically jizzed in her pants over the menu. OMG seitan gravy and cheez?WTF is seitan gravy and cheez? Why does she keep calling vegan cheese cheez anyway? I decided to go with the flow and order the Home Fries Ranchero. Basically their famous home fries chili sour cream eggs or tofu and cheez. I went native and ordered tofu vs eggs and you know what? I liked it. It came out in a big heaping pile on a 70s retro plastic plate accompanied with some awesome coffee. My friend had hummus and pita cause not only is she vegan she only eats things in the white/beige color range (food racist).One bad thing the bathroom has no door only the stall does. Basically it's a unisex bathroom where all the delightful sounds and smells can be experienced by diners directly in front of you. For a place that serves chili and cheez they may want to reconsider this open approach.There are some previous reviews about arrogant hipsters/bad service etc. I have say our waitress was awesome and attentive. My coffee was filled routinely she understood that requesting a buttload of cream meant a larger carafe of cream rather than a thimble. The host was apologetic for making us wait for more than a few minutes to sit down.I do admit it does have the indie coffee house feel and yes hipsters abound here but I have a feeling these are some legit hipsters. Not the trust fund having whiny I drink PBR and annoy people with my smugness style hipster.  I bet these hipsters been squezzing their junk into tight pants long before I was born. I don't know I just get that impression. I however feel a little weird for writing such a positive review on a uber crunchy place so I feel the need to go slash tires on someone's Prius now.