Rock Bottom is a nice hangout place. Often when you are out and about with friends you arrive home with no voice from screaming over all of the background noise. Great if your out to see a band but not so much fun if you actually want to talk to the people sitting around you. Depending on your mood you can sit in the dining area full of booths and tables. It's alittle separated from the main bar area so provides for a semi quiet dining area. The bar area gives you a choice of sitting at the surrounding tables with waitress service or hanging out at the bar itself. Complete with a chillie ice strip to keep those yummy brews cold and the ever entertaining company of your favorite bartender. When the weather cooperates the outdoor patio houses about 6 tables for outdoor dining. The view however...not so picturesque just the entrance to the Improv. Which hey that could be the perfect seat if you're stocking the local comics! The bar area contains pools tables and dart boards to try your skills. On any give night sports fans can enjoy the games of the day on one of the 6 big screen TVs surrounding the bar area. The menu is pretty decent with burgers that are cooked to order with the choice of either steak  veggie or chicken. They have a number of specialty burgers with different cheeses toppings and creative themes. The bourbonzolla is a tasty burger with a Bourbon based glaze and Gorgonzola cheese. Appetizers which range from nachos to firecracker shrimp. Steaks pasta and salads with rotating specials from different areas of the menu. On Monday the burgers are half off...I don't think you have to be a member of their mug club to get the special. However if you are here regularly the mug club is great with free gifts and specials. http://www.rockbottom.com/MC Needless to say I have a fun beer glass collection thanks to Rock Bottom...LOL! Now everyone favorite part about Rock Bottom's Beers! The in house brew master keeps it interesting with a rotating variety of frothy yummy to try along with the consistant favorites of Ale IPA's Rotating Darks and Kolsch. Stop by on Thursday nights for a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skills!Rock Bottom is a nice hangout place. Often when you are out and about with friends you arrive home with no voice from screaming over all of the background noise. Great if your out to see a band but not so much fun if you actually want to talk to the people sitting around you. Depending on your mood you can sit in the dining area full of booths and tables. It's alittle separated from the main bar area so provides for a semi quiet dining area. The bar area gives you a choice of sitting at the surrounding tables with waitress service or hanging out at the bar itself. Complete with a chillie ice strip to keep those yummy brews cold and the ever entertaining company of your favorite bartender. When the weather cooperates the outdoor patio houses about 6 tables for outdoor dining. The view however...not so picturesque just the entrance to the Improv. Which hey that could be the perfect seat if you're stocking the local comics! The bar area contains pools tables and dart boards to try your skills. On any give night sports fans can enjoy the games of the day on one of the 6 big screen TVs surrounding the bar area. The menu is pretty decent with burgers that are cooked to order with the choice of either steak  veggie or chicken. They have a number of specialty burgers with different cheeses toppings and creative themes. The bourbonzolla is a tasty burger with a Bourbon based glaze and Gorgonzola cheese. Appetizers which range from nachos to firecracker shrimp. Steaks pasta and salads with rotating specials from different areas of the menu. On Monday the burgers are half off...I don't think you have to be a member of their mug club to get the special. However if you are here regularly the mug club is great with free gifts and specials. http://www.rockbottom.com/MC Needless to say I have a fun beer glass collection thanks to Rock Bottom...LOL! Now everyone favorite part about Rock Bottom's Beers! The in house brew master keeps it interesting with a rotating variety of frothy yummy to try along with the consistant favorites of Ale IPA's Rotating Darks and Kolsch. Stop by on Thursday nights for a colorful game of trivia where teams battle it out in a game of intelligence and drinking skills!