Once you go Pei Wei you never go.... PF Chang's (if you can help it). Pei Wei is Chang's super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007. Subsequently that was the last time I stepped into a PF Changs until I recently moved back to Pittsburgh. Going from a Pei Wei to a PF Chang's is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending a WNBA game; it's so methodical and time consuming.On our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in a section in which the server had been cut from his/her shift. By the time we flagged down a server and everything was sorted out we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei.  Add in the wait time for a table the sauces shtick and presentation of the check and my head's about to explode. Chang's is more paced for retires and people on dates not my lifestyle. I get it it's a me problem.With that said the staff is very nice and helpful at this location (star). I can get a beer or alcoholic beverage while I wait (something that's not an option at Pei Wei) (star).Plymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar - that's a chain first! (star).I found a dish I love not available at Pei Wei - Salt and Pepper Prawns (star). So until I get sick of the Prawns or a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market I'll continue to go to this location.Once you go Pei Wei you never go.... PF Chang's (if you can help it). Pei Wei is Chang's super convenient and cost friendly fast casual eatery that started infiltrating the Detroit market in 2007. Subsequently that was the last time I stepped into a PF Changs until I recently moved back to Pittsburgh. Going from a Pei Wei to a PF Chang's is like watching paint dry or sitting in rush hour traffic or attending a WNBA game; it's so methodical and time consuming.On our last visit to this location we were accidentally sat in a section in which the server had been cut from his/her shift. By the time we flagged down a server and everything was sorted out we could have been halfway through our meals at Pei Wei.  Add in the wait time for a table the sauces shtick and presentation of the check and my head's about to explode. Chang's is more paced for retires and people on dates not my lifestyle. I get it it's a me problem.With that said the staff is very nice and helpful at this location (star). I can get a beer or alcoholic beverage while I wait (something that's not an option at Pei Wei) (star).Plymouth Gin is stocked behind the bar - that's a chain first! (star).I found a dish I love not available at Pei Wei - Salt and Pepper Prawns (star). So until I get sick of the Prawns or a Pei Wei opens in the Pittsburgh market I'll continue to go to this location.