I have a soft spot for this place -- probably because it is one of the first restaurants my fiance ever took me to and he made a special night out of it. We've been back many times for many occasions and Casbah has never disappointed. Great wine cocktails food service and atmosphere. It can be a little more cramped on the inside but it's never too loud. If you can sit outside it feels nice and spacious. It's also very nice downstairs.The valet parking is a huge plus in my book especially in that area of Shadyside. The service is always prompt and never overbearing. The last time we went we had the sheep's milk gnudi and I'm pretty sure it was sent straight from heaven down on to our plate. I nearly fought my fiance for the last piece. He loves me so he let me have it. The swordfish was wonderful. The lamb is always great. The short rib ravioli melts in your mouth. I'd highly recommend any of those.The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines you'll be in heaven for sure!I have a soft spot for this place -- probably because it is one of the first restaurants my fiance ever took me to and he made a special night out of it. We've been back many times for many occasions and Casbah has never disappointed. Great wine cocktails food service and atmosphere. It can be a little more cramped on the inside but it's never too loud. If you can sit outside it feels nice and spacious. It's also very nice downstairs.The valet parking is a huge plus in my book especially in that area of Shadyside. The service is always prompt and never overbearing. The last time we went we had the sheep's milk gnudi and I'm pretty sure it was sent straight from heaven down on to our plate. I nearly fought my fiance for the last piece. He loves me so he let me have it. The swordfish was wonderful. The lamb is always great. The short rib ravioli melts in your mouth. I'd highly recommend any of those.The dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding is worth unbuttoning your pants for...and if you like dessert wines you'll be in heaven for sure!