I'm a big fan of all the Big Burrito restaurants I've tried (Eleven Umi Mad Mex & Casbah). I think Eleven is my favorite but Casbah is a very close second. My most recent trip was with my wife on 1/15/10. We started with the grilled flat bread and the butternut squash ravioli. For entrees I had the Casbah twice cut pork chop and my wife had a pasta dish with sausage and ricotta. For dessert I had the creme brulee and my wife had the espresso ice cream / cookie (it was really just a fancy chipwich). The grilled flat bread came with three different dips Humus Red Pepper Hummus and Baba Ganoush. I really enjoyed all three but thought the Red Pepper Hummus stood out as the best although if you're not a fan of garlic you may disagree. The butternut squash ravioli didn't impress me much but my wife really liked it. As far as the entrees we both really enjoyed our meals. My pork chop was cooked perfectly and was anything but dry. The sage aioli that it was topped with added an excellent flavor. The sides were kale and butternut squash risotto both of which really shined. I can't describe how amazing the risotto was and the kale was extremely flavorful. I tried my wife's pasta dish and overall I thought it was good but the sausage was really outstanding. Incredibly tender and flavorful. Neither of us were too impressed with our desserts. The creme brulee was very good but at that point I expected it to be great. My wife's dessert sort of disappointed since the cookies were dry. The bill for everything listed above plus a bottle of red wine (~$35) was $120 before tip so it is pricey but in my opinion totally worth it. Also our server was very attentive and helpful without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion which was negative.I'm a big fan of all the Big Burrito restaurants I've tried (Eleven Umi Mad Mex & Casbah). I think Eleven is my favorite but Casbah is a very close second. My most recent trip was with my wife on 1/15/10. We started with the grilled flat bread and the butternut squash ravioli. For entrees I had the Casbah twice cut pork chop and my wife had a pasta dish with sausage and ricotta. For dessert I had the creme brulee and my wife had the espresso ice cream / cookie (it was really just a fancy chipwich). The grilled flat bread came with three different dips Humus Red Pepper Hummus and Baba Ganoush. I really enjoyed all three but thought the Red Pepper Hummus stood out as the best although if you're not a fan of garlic you may disagree. The butternut squash ravioli didn't impress me much but my wife really liked it. As far as the entrees we both really enjoyed our meals. My pork chop was cooked perfectly and was anything but dry. The sage aioli that it was topped with added an excellent flavor. The sides were kale and butternut squash risotto both of which really shined. I can't describe how amazing the risotto was and the kale was extremely flavorful. I tried my wife's pasta dish and overall I thought it was good but the sausage was really outstanding. Incredibly tender and flavorful. Neither of us were too impressed with our desserts. The creme brulee was very good but at that point I expected it to be great. My wife's dessert sort of disappointed since the cookies were dry. The bill for everything listed above plus a bottle of red wine (~$35) was $120 before tip so it is pricey but in my opinion totally worth it. Also our server was very attentive and helpful without being intrusive. I asked his opinion on the French Malbec and he gave me his honest opinion which was negative.