The main reasons to go to Buffalo Blues would be for their All You Can Eat Ribs night every Tuesday for $21 and their All You Can Eat Wings night every Wednesday for $9.  Make sure you go with a bunch of guys because it isn't all you care to eat it is a challenge.  You have to eat all you can eat and your ego is on the line if you don't.  I once went to Ribs night and one buddy of mine ordered a Buffalo Chicken salad when everyone else ordered ribs.  Yea he regretted his terrible decision.Anyways.  The food itself.  The ribs are basic baby back ribs that come in a choice of mild medium and hot bbq sauce.  I tend to just go medium b/c I find a hot bbq sauce covers up the taste of the meat itself and when I eat ribs I care more about the taste and texture of the actual meat with the sauce being a supporting player.  The ribs are ok for mass produced ribs nothing spectacular.  The most I've done is only two racks of ribs but that was only because I didn't want to keep everyone else waiting up for me.  Ribs come in a rack in first round and then re-orders come by the half rack.Personally I prefer wing night as they have fantastic wings.  Wings come in a dozen in the first round followed by half dozen reorders until you're done.  They have 12 different flavors but my favorite ones are Buffalo Blue Old Yeller and Red Hot Parm.  Buffalo Blue is a tasty bbq sauce that isn't overly sweet like some of their other bbq sauces Old Yeller is a Carolina Mustard based sauce and Red Hot Parm is a traditional Buffalo sauce (Frank's Red Hot + Butter) then topped with Parmesan Cheese.  Their Cool Ranch Garlic Parm and Spicy Garlic can be a bit greasy so if you do order one of those make sure its in a batch of 6 and you share with your friends I kind of like their Spicy Garlic but no one else ever wants to split an order with me oh well.  Their Gold Rush and Death Row are their two other non-spicy bbq sauces but I prefer Buffalo Blue to both of them.For their spicy flavors there's Red Hot which is just a traditional Buffalo there's Howlin' Wolf which is a spicy sour sauce with pepper seeds on it and there's Hotter than Hell which is a spicy bbq sauce.  Personally I find Howlin' Wolf tasty in small quantities but sometimes the sourness gets to me.  I tend to find spicy bbq sauces a bit funky so I'm not big on Hotter than Hell.If I have a big appetite I eat from 24-30 wings.  If its just a regular day I'll eat around 18-22ish wings.Note: These wings are huge.  They aren't your typical Wingzone or Quaker Steak and Lube sized wings.  These are real wings from real chickens not some little baby chicks just hatched from their eggs.The rest of the menu is just typical American restaurant food with various sandwiches a burger option salad options etc.Highly highly recommended.The main reasons to go to Buffalo Blues would be for their All You Can Eat Ribs night every Tuesday for $21 and their All You Can Eat Wings night every Wednesday for $9.  Make sure you go with a bunch of guys because it isn't all you care to eat it is a challenge.  You have to eat all you can eat and your ego is on the line if you don't.  I once went to Ribs night and one buddy of mine ordered a Buffalo Chicken salad when everyone else ordered ribs.  Yea he regretted his terrible decision.Anyways.  The food itself.  The ribs are basic baby back ribs that come in a choice of mild medium and hot bbq sauce.  I tend to just go medium b/c I find a hot bbq sauce covers up the taste of the meat itself and when I eat ribs I care more about the taste and texture of the actual meat with the sauce being a supporting player.  The ribs are ok for mass produced ribs nothing spectacular.  The most I've done is only two racks of ribs but that was only because I didn't want to keep everyone else waiting up for me.  Ribs come in a rack in first round and then re-orders come by the half rack.Personally I prefer wing night as they have fantastic wings.  Wings come in a dozen in the first round followed by half dozen reorders until you're done.  They have 12 different flavors but my favorite ones are Buffalo Blue Old Yeller and Red Hot Parm.  Buffalo Blue is a tasty bbq sauce that isn't overly sweet like some of their other bbq sauces Old Yeller is a Carolina Mustard based sauce and Red Hot Parm is a traditional Buffalo sauce (Frank's Red Hot + Butter) then topped with Parmesan Cheese.  Their Cool Ranch Garlic Parm and Spicy Garlic can be a bit greasy so if you do order one of those make sure its in a batch of 6 and you share with your friends I kind of like their Spicy Garlic but no one else ever wants to split an order with me oh well.  Their Gold Rush and Death Row are their two other non-spicy bbq sauces but I prefer Buffalo Blue to both of them.For their spicy flavors there's Red Hot which is just a traditional Buffalo there's Howlin' Wolf which is a spicy sour sauce with pepper seeds on it and there's Hotter than Hell which is a spicy bbq sauce.  Personally I find Howlin' Wolf tasty in small quantities but sometimes the sourness gets to me.  I tend to find spicy bbq sauces a bit funky so I'm not big on Hotter than Hell.If I have a big appetite I eat from 24-30 wings.  If its just a regular day I'll eat around 18-22ish wings.Note: These wings are huge.  They aren't your typical Wingzone or Quaker Steak and Lube sized wings.  These are real wings from real chickens not some little baby chicks just hatched from their eggs.The rest of the menu is just typical American restaurant food with various sandwiches a burger option salad options etc.Highly highly recommended.