I haven't been to Rock Bottom in years.  Maybe even decades...is that even possible?  Well either way it's been awhile.  So with my gift certificate I took my brother out for a birthday dinner.  As I get older my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower.  As a result I told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the Waterfront before everyone goes out for date night.  Plus the Pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.When we arrived the bar side was already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table.  Our server was very attentive friendly and helpful.  Right off the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try all of their beers.  We loved the fact that as she approached our table with a full tray of samples our server said I have to go back for the rest.  In all we were served 10 different beers each (in 3 oz glasses maybe 4 - I can never tell).  I gotta say Rock Bottom knows their beer.  I liked more than I didn't and very few were not to my liking.  So the $6.95 10 beer sampler was well worth it.  During our sampling we indulged on some Southwest Egg Rolls.  They were okay but not quite what I expected.  The spicy ranch was top notch though.  As we ran out of beer we each ordered up a Kobe Burger.  They were both cooked exactly to our liking (medium).  And to top off our wonderful evening the Pirates brought home a win!My only complaint as a beer drinker is the cost for a growler.  The glass container itself is sold for $12.95.  That's the empty price.  To me that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning.I haven't been to Rock Bottom in years.  Maybe even decades...is that even possible?  Well either way it's been awhile.  So with my gift certificate I took my brother out for a birthday dinner.  As I get older my tolerance for things like crowds and youngsters gets lower and lower.  As a result I told my brother to be ready by 4pm so we could head to the Waterfront before everyone goes out for date night.  Plus the Pirates were playing at 4:05 so we could enjoy our beers and the game.When we arrived the bar side was already pretty packed but we were still able to get a table.  Our server was very attentive friendly and helpful.  Right off the bat we both ordered samplers so we could try all of their beers.  We loved the fact that as she approached our table with a full tray of samples our server said I have to go back for the rest.  In all we were served 10 different beers each (in 3 oz glasses maybe 4 - I can never tell).  I gotta say Rock Bottom knows their beer.  I liked more than I didn't and very few were not to my liking.  So the $6.95 10 beer sampler was well worth it.  During our sampling we indulged on some Southwest Egg Rolls.  They were okay but not quite what I expected.  The spicy ranch was top notch though.  As we ran out of beer we each ordered up a Kobe Burger.  They were both cooked exactly to our liking (medium).  And to top off our wonderful evening the Pirates brought home a win!My only complaint as a beer drinker is the cost for a growler.  The glass container itself is sold for $12.95.  That's the empty price.  To me that's a little ridiculous when East End only charges $3 for the bottle and Penn Brewery $5.  Paying more for the bottle than the beer inside seems like insanity to me.  So I walked out empty handed.    But it won't deter me from returning.