Casbah has made my Top 10 Favorite Restaurants in Pittsburgh list. My friends and I went here for one of my friend's birthday. The food was simple yet delicious and transported me back to Greece. Upon being seated they offered complimentary bread with butter and mascarpone spread. The waiter was very knowledge about the menu and recommended his favorites which included the pork chop entree and that soft shell crabs and corn were in season. As a result my friends and I shared the soft shell crab app. The soft shell crab was fried to perfection with a small side salad of sliced asparagus and basil with tapenade. The only complaint I had with this dish was that there was only one to share between the three of us. For the entrees I decided to heed the waiter's advice and selected the pork chop while my friends ordered the gnocchi and cioppino. What I am about to describe for the pork chop does not do it justice. The pork chop was cooked to the right temperature and did not lost its juiciness unlike most of my experiences with pork chop. It was also huge because it was double cut. The riscotto and braised kale complimented the pork chop well with the braised kale giving the pork chop an herbal component. I did not think I would be able to finish the dish but when I looked down again everything was gone. I had the opportunity to try my friends' dishes and they were also prepared in an exceptional way. The veal and lobster in the gnocchi added a welcoming heartiness to the dish and the sauce reminded me of a curry. The unexpected combination of the gnocchi and curry-like sauce pleasantly surprised me. Since I have never tried cioppino until that day I did not have anything to compare it but I was satisfied with the amount of seafood they gave. The only complaint from my friend was that the grilled bread that came with the dish was too hard for her to use to soak about the sauce. She used the complimentary bread instead and loved the sauce.While we were ordering our dishes we mentioned to our waiter that it was my friend's birthday. He brought out a dish of caramel with Happy Birthday written on it with dark chocolate sauce for her even though we didn't expect anything from them. I am grateful that they brought that dish out. I do not know if the caramel is on their menu but it melted right away in your mouth. If you managed to read all the way to the end of this review you probably are asking why I didn't give Casbah all five stars and I will tell you the reason. Although our waiter went above and beyond to get my friend a birthday plate the service overall was not satisfactory. Throughout the meal he did not come over to our table and took a long time getting our checks to us even though we blatantly had finished our dinner for awhile. I have gone to less delicious restaurants who offer better service.Overall the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https://secure.bigburrito.com/Register.aspx) you will get a free meal voucher on your birthday which is good at any of their restaurants. When my parents come into town I will be subtly hinting that they take me here.Casbah has made my Top 10 Favorite Restaurants in Pittsburgh list. My friends and I went here for one of my friend's birthday. The food was simple yet delicious and transported me back to Greece. Upon being seated they offered complimentary bread with butter and mascarpone spread. The waiter was very knowledge about the menu and recommended his favorites which included the pork chop entree and that soft shell crabs and corn were in season. As a result my friends and I shared the soft shell crab app. The soft shell crab was fried to perfection with a small side salad of sliced asparagus and basil with tapenade. The only complaint I had with this dish was that there was only one to share between the three of us. For the entrees I decided to heed the waiter's advice and selected the pork chop while my friends ordered the gnocchi and cioppino. What I am about to describe for the pork chop does not do it justice. The pork chop was cooked to the right temperature and did not lost its juiciness unlike most of my experiences with pork chop. It was also huge because it was double cut. The riscotto and braised kale complimented the pork chop well with the braised kale giving the pork chop an herbal component. I did not think I would be able to finish the dish but when I looked down again everything was gone. I had the opportunity to try my friends' dishes and they were also prepared in an exceptional way. The veal and lobster in the gnocchi added a welcoming heartiness to the dish and the sauce reminded me of a curry. The unexpected combination of the gnocchi and curry-like sauce pleasantly surprised me. Since I have never tried cioppino until that day I did not have anything to compare it but I was satisfied with the amount of seafood they gave. The only complaint from my friend was that the grilled bread that came with the dish was too hard for her to use to soak about the sauce. She used the complimentary bread instead and loved the sauce.While we were ordering our dishes we mentioned to our waiter that it was my friend's birthday. He brought out a dish of caramel with Happy Birthday written on it with dark chocolate sauce for her even though we didn't expect anything from them. I am grateful that they brought that dish out. I do not know if the caramel is on their menu but it melted right away in your mouth. If you managed to read all the way to the end of this review you probably are asking why I didn't give Casbah all five stars and I will tell you the reason. Although our waiter went above and beyond to get my friend a birthday plate the service overall was not satisfactory. Throughout the meal he did not come over to our table and took a long time getting our checks to us even though we blatantly had finished our dinner for awhile. I have gone to less delicious restaurants who offer better service.Overall the food at Casbah is exceptional. They change their menu based on what is in season. Here's a tip: if you sign up for the Big Burrito emails (the parent company of Casbah at https://secure.bigburrito.com/Register.aspx) you will get a free meal voucher on your birthday which is good at any of their restaurants. When my parents come into town I will be subtly hinting that they take me here.