I went to Casbah for brunch it's a $22 prix-fix which includes an alcoholic bev an appetizer and an entree. They use amazingly fresh and yummy fruits and veggies. I had the house made granola which was just amazing! Toasty and sweet it was nothing like the granola you get out of a box. Also while the food is totally fru-fru (in only the best way :) and it's a pricey brunch you get a lot a food. After the great pastry basket my appetizer a Bellini and a cup of coffee I had two bites of my omelette and took the rest in a doggy bag (the rest included fruit salad potatoes and a croissant!)My only complaint would be how long everything took. While I love a leisurely meal an hour and a half for brunch seemed a bit excessive. I go into brunch groggy then I have coffee and yummy food and I'm totally amped ready to face the day! And then I get to sit. And wait. Anyway it's totally not a big deal now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!I went to Casbah for brunch it's a $22 prix-fix which includes an alcoholic bev an appetizer and an entree. They use amazingly fresh and yummy fruits and veggies. I had the house made granola which was just amazing! Toasty and sweet it was nothing like the granola you get out of a box. Also while the food is totally fru-fru (in only the best way :) and it's a pricey brunch you get a lot a food. After the great pastry basket my appetizer a Bellini and a cup of coffee I had two bites of my omelette and took the rest in a doggy bag (the rest included fruit salad potatoes and a croissant!)My only complaint would be how long everything took. While I love a leisurely meal an hour and a half for brunch seemed a bit excessive. I go into brunch groggy then I have coffee and yummy food and I'm totally amped ready to face the day! And then I get to sit. And wait. Anyway it's totally not a big deal now I'll know to make time the next time I go. Which is for dinner for a friends birthday. So excited!!