I wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.  While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.  I'm glad he did!  The menu is rather expansive but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.It happened to be lasagna night.  Because I am used to the home cooked variety I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.  I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day which happened to be gumbo.  Both were very good.  The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage jumbo lump crab and risotto mixed in.  Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle the size of the entire plate stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try dessert.Both items I had were rather tasty and I would easily come back here for a great meal.I wound up here the other night after walking down the street because of a 45 minute wait at Point Brugge Cafe.  While my friends and I were leery of the prices on the menu the owner cajoled us into coming inside and were seated right away.  I'm glad he did!  The menu is rather expansive but mainly focuses on Italian fare with an occasional jab at the more popular Pointe Brugge up the street: mussels and fries.It happened to be lasagna night.  Because I am used to the home cooked variety I had a hard time shelling out $18 for lasagna.  I selected the wild mushroom and spinach option and it also came with the soup of the day which happened to be gumbo.  Both were very good.  The gumbo had a very earthy taste along with good amounts of sausage jumbo lump crab and risotto mixed in.  Rather than being the layered the lasagna was one giant noodle the size of the entire plate stuffed with a generous amount of mushrooms and spinach folded over itself with marinara and cheese.  Didn't get a chance to try dessert.Both items I had were rather tasty and I would easily come back here for a great meal.