Glad to see that the Big Burrito restaurants are alive and well in Pittsburgh and dinner tonight was my first time in awhile at one of their establishments.Bit of a complex review.  My biggest gripe with Casbah is that it's Casbah Mediterranean when the menu (at least on this night but I don't think it changes all that much) offers very authentic Mediterranean dishes.  One lamb dish (not overly Mediterranean) and no couscous or tagine which are major staples of Mediterranean cuisine.  Even a side of hummus and pita or veggies would be nice.  Nonetheless the menu has lots of fine options just none that I've seen in a typical Mediterranean joint.  I think it's a little misleading especially if you're seeking Mediterranean cuisine.We sampled several of the cocktails all of which were creative and well priced.  As for food we split the bruschetta (prosciutto and blue cheese) meatballs (pork) and the brussel sprouts were quite tasty beet salad and the potato gnocchi. So lots of food!  All was freshly prepared with quality ingredients and served with sophisticated presentation.Lots of fine restaurants opening in the area but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following.Glad to see that the Big Burrito restaurants are alive and well in Pittsburgh and dinner tonight was my first time in awhile at one of their establishments.Bit of a complex review.  My biggest gripe with Casbah is that it's Casbah Mediterranean when the menu (at least on this night but I don't think it changes all that much) offers very authentic Mediterranean dishes.  One lamb dish (not overly Mediterranean) and no couscous or tagine which are major staples of Mediterranean cuisine.  Even a side of hummus and pita or veggies would be nice.  Nonetheless the menu has lots of fine options just none that I've seen in a typical Mediterranean joint.  I think it's a little misleading especially if you're seeking Mediterranean cuisine.We sampled several of the cocktails all of which were creative and well priced.  As for food we split the bruschetta (prosciutto and blue cheese) meatballs (pork) and the brussel sprouts were quite tasty beet salad and the potato gnocchi. So lots of food!  All was freshly prepared with quality ingredients and served with sophisticated presentation.Lots of fine restaurants opening in the area but it's clear to see that they have a loyal following.