My best friend and I went here for dinner today and were very pleased - though I do have to say that we both had our free birthday entrees and that undoubtedly influenced things.  I was surprised at how pricey it was before the coupons but everything was good.We started with two big glasses of sangria.  I thought the blueberry schnapps flavor was a little overpowering at first but it either evened out or I got used to it.I had the risotto with morels peas and scallions which was delicious.  I had never had morels before and now I understand why they're so pricey.  There was only a small handful of them on the side of the risotto but they were delicious.  The risotto was very creamy and flavorful the kind I wish I could make myself.  My best friend had the short rib ravioli which she really enjoyed.  I tried the sauce and it wasn't nearly as rich as it looked.We split a creme brulee for dessert and the waitress very sweetly put candles in it and wrote Happy Birthday on the rim which was a nice touch.  The creme brulee was good but definitely not the best I've ever had.  (That award may go to Soba's coffee creme brulee.)The total bill would have been $72 which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back if not for brunch then absolutely for that delicious risotto!My best friend and I went here for dinner today and were very pleased - though I do have to say that we both had our free birthday entrees and that undoubtedly influenced things.  I was surprised at how pricey it was before the coupons but everything was good.We started with two big glasses of sangria.  I thought the blueberry schnapps flavor was a little overpowering at first but it either evened out or I got used to it.I had the risotto with morels peas and scallions which was delicious.  I had never had morels before and now I understand why they're so pricey.  There was only a small handful of them on the side of the risotto but they were delicious.  The risotto was very creamy and flavorful the kind I wish I could make myself.  My best friend had the short rib ravioli which she really enjoyed.  I tried the sauce and it wasn't nearly as rich as it looked.We split a creme brulee for dessert and the waitress very sweetly put candles in it and wrote Happy Birthday on the rim which was a nice touch.  The creme brulee was good but definitely not the best I've ever had.  (That award may go to Soba's coffee creme brulee.)The total bill would have been $72 which seems a bit steep.  But it was a nice restaurant and a really nice atmosphere.  The patio was lovely.  I will definitely be back if not for brunch then absolutely for that delicious risotto!