Brunch = best in the burgh.  Hands down.  Best. eggs. ever. I am not even sure how the eggs can be that good.  I know what you are saying They are eggs Jessica.  Get a grip.  No.  I will not.  I cannot.  I want to stand on top of rooftops and shout my love for these eggs all over town.  J H and I went there a few Sundays ago.  We all got the same thing. When was the last time you went to a meal and all three people ordered the same thing.  It was that good.  The scallop breakfast is out of this world.  2 perfectly cooked scallops scrambled eggs (the eggs!!!) the creamiest tastiest grits in the world buttery croissant and sausage apples and butternut squash.  Don't think those things go together?  They do and are awesome!  J and I also both got orders of bacon cause no brunch is complete without bacon.  Our service was also great.  Nice hostess awesome waiter.  All was perfect.  Really freaking good brunch.  Really.  Cannot say enough about those freaking eggs.  Oh but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep.Brunch = best in the burgh.  Hands down.  Best. eggs. ever. I am not even sure how the eggs can be that good.  I know what you are saying They are eggs Jessica.  Get a grip.  No.  I will not.  I cannot.  I want to stand on top of rooftops and shout my love for these eggs all over town.  J H and I went there a few Sundays ago.  We all got the same thing. When was the last time you went to a meal and all three people ordered the same thing.  It was that good.  The scallop breakfast is out of this world.  2 perfectly cooked scallops scrambled eggs (the eggs!!!) the creamiest tastiest grits in the world buttery croissant and sausage apples and butternut squash.  Don't think those things go together?  They do and are awesome!  J and I also both got orders of bacon cause no brunch is complete without bacon.  Our service was also great.  Nice hostess awesome waiter.  All was perfect.  Really freaking good brunch.  Really.  Cannot say enough about those freaking eggs.  Oh but don't order an additional mimosa from the deal - they are $8 a piece which is a bit steep.