My cousin works here and that's the only reason i know about this place. The crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it. It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.I always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza. Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better. I took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good. They have tons of specials and even more menu options. We ordered the medium pie and 12 hoagie for only $13. Really good deal and the italian hoagie was not too bad. I do wish however that it was a little thicker. Maybe add some more lettuce and tomatoes for fullness. By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich. Still delicious but I would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.The interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up. Also if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers. Waste of money if you ask me but to each his own. BTW IT'S CASH ONLY HERE but they do have an ATM.My cousin works here and that's the only reason i know about this place. The crust they use for the bread is so light and airy and i absolutely love it. It makes the eating experience that much more enjoyable.I always order a slice or two with sausage and mushrooms because I love the little crumbly sausage that they add to the pizza. Plus if you dip it in ranch (big fattie) it taste even better. I took the hubby there just this week and he agreed that it is very good. They have tons of specials and even more menu options. We ordered the medium pie and 12 hoagie for only $13. Really good deal and the italian hoagie was not too bad. I do wish however that it was a little thicker. Maybe add some more lettuce and tomatoes for fullness. By the time we got it home it was like eating a lunch meat sandwich. Still delicious but I would have like a little more bite in my hoagie.The interior is a little outdated but they have a bunch of steeler memorabilia hanging up. Also if you like to play the lottery they have a small window for buying and playing the numbers. Waste of money if you ask me but to each his own. BTW IT'S CASH ONLY HERE but they do have an ATM.