This review is for brunch only! I've never been here for dinner...but been here quite a few times for brunch.Casbah's brunch is a prix fixe...which at first seems expensive but when you realize the amount of food you're getting it's sooo not. You get an appetizer entree and drink (yes a real drink with alcohol) for just $24. I usually end up spending more at my other Big Burrito brunch spot Kaya so I consider this a pretty good deal.They start you off with a basket of muffins and biscuits with honey butter on the side. And it's refillable. Try to restrain yourself from eating too many baked goods though so you can get to the real food. For appetizers everything I've had was pretty good (polenta and the salads have been my faves) but for the entree there is only ONE thing you should order: The lamb & eggs!  Crusty sourdough bread topped with spinach topped with braised lamb shoulder and roasted garlic topped with poached eggs. One of the best things I have ever eaten in the morning. The scallop scramble is just okay the steak & eggs are pretty delish...but the lamb & eggs is by far the best thing on the brunch menu.This is one of the few places where I don't opt for the Bloody Mary...it's pretty blah. I do their Salty Dog with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice or sometimes get it sans alcohol if I'm really feeling the pain from Saturday night.Unfortunately while I love the atmosphere I feel like the service is lacking. I can't explain why but it always feels awkward and doesn't hold up to the standards set at other Big Burrito spots (even Mad Mex). I know it gets busy on Sundays but still. Service issues aside The food is still worth it.This review is for brunch only! I've never been here for dinner...but been here quite a few times for brunch.Casbah's brunch is a prix fixe...which at first seems expensive but when you realize the amount of food you're getting it's sooo not. You get an appetizer entree and drink (yes a real drink with alcohol) for just $24. I usually end up spending more at my other Big Burrito brunch spot Kaya so I consider this a pretty good deal.They start you off with a basket of muffins and biscuits with honey butter on the side. And it's refillable. Try to restrain yourself from eating too many baked goods though so you can get to the real food. For appetizers everything I've had was pretty good (polenta and the salads have been my faves) but for the entree there is only ONE thing you should order: The lamb & eggs!  Crusty sourdough bread topped with spinach topped with braised lamb shoulder and roasted garlic topped with poached eggs. One of the best things I have ever eaten in the morning. The scallop scramble is just okay the steak & eggs are pretty delish...but the lamb & eggs is by far the best thing on the brunch menu.This is one of the few places where I don't opt for the Bloody Mary...it's pretty blah. I do their Salty Dog with freshly squeezed grapefruit juice or sometimes get it sans alcohol if I'm really feeling the pain from Saturday night.Unfortunately while I love the atmosphere I feel like the service is lacking. I can't explain why but it always feels awkward and doesn't hold up to the standards set at other Big Burrito spots (even Mad Mex). I know it gets busy on Sundays but still. Service issues aside The food is still worth it.