I took my boyfriend to Casbah at the end of September for his birthday. We were seated near the door for our reservation however it was a very warm night so it was nice to sit in an open air setting. Our server her name has slipped my mind was excellent. I am not a fan of red wines but my boyfriend is and it being his birthday of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned perfectly cooked-the flavors were amazing together! For entrees my boyfriend ordered the duck and I ordered the short rib ravioli. His words to describe the duck were life changing. I was only able to taste a small piece of his since he ate it so quickly but I agree it was excellent. The short rib was so tender and juicy. I was concerned it would be overly salty and it was not. It was the best ravioli I have eaten hands down! For dessert we ordered a cheese tasting. It was the perfect way to end our meal-with the cheese tasting and a glass of wine. I can't wait to go back to Casbah and sample some other items-I would have ordered the entire menu on our first visit if I could have!I took my boyfriend to Casbah at the end of September for his birthday. We were seated near the door for our reservation however it was a very warm night so it was nice to sit in an open air setting. Our server her name has slipped my mind was excellent. I am not a fan of red wines but my boyfriend is and it being his birthday of course I said let's get a bottle of red. We explained to our server what white varietals I enjoy and she suggested a bottle (which has also slipped my mind being months ago that we were there)that was perfect-both of us enjoyed it. We started off with the papardelle. The rabbit was delicious and it was perfectly seasoned perfectly cooked-the flavors were amazing together! For entrees my boyfriend ordered the duck and I ordered the short rib ravioli. His words to describe the duck were life changing. I was only able to taste a small piece of his since he ate it so quickly but I agree it was excellent. The short rib was so tender and juicy. I was concerned it would be overly salty and it was not. It was the best ravioli I have eaten hands down! For dessert we ordered a cheese tasting. It was the perfect way to end our meal-with the cheese tasting and a glass of wine. I can't wait to go back to Casbah and sample some other items-I would have ordered the entire menu on our first visit if I could have!