Quiet Storm is a delicious and cozy little place located in the colorful Bloomfield area. The buildings surrounding Quiet Storm are often painted with cute art or have little interesting things about them. I love this neighborhood but I love Quiet Storm even more! I've only been here twice and I always want to go more often but somehow it doesn't happen. I've turned on three of my friends to Quiet Storm too and they love it just as much. The first time I visited I ordered a tofu hash. It was an amazing blend of seasonal vegetables including some I would never eat otherwise. The tofu was nice and firm the seisage was spicy and perfectly chewy. The vegan cheese sauce was also rich and delicious.  The portion was so huge I couldn't finish it. Leftovers are rarely as good as when the meal is fresh but I was pleasantly surprised to find that my leftovers were even BETTER than the fresh meal. I think this is because the spices and vegetables had more time to meld together in a perfect veggie harmony. The second time I visited was 4/21/2013. A group of my friends came here for Brunch. Two of us ordered the Vegan Country Burrito another friend ordered the french toast with pistachio honey topping and my other friend ordered a tofu hash with black beans and salsa. Everything was generously portioned but some meal choices were sold out. They were a bit disappointed that there was no more falafel. All of us devoured our plates and happily chattered about the complexity of flavor protein content in vegan food items and how much we loved the atmosphere. Quiet Storm is a great little place to visit. It's never lacking in interesting things to look at while you eat. Food comes as quickly as possible. There are plenty of options to please everyone and if you think you don't like vegetables try one of their plates and you may change your mind. (Seriously I am one of those vegans who hates veggies but Quiet Storm food can get me to finish all of mine) Tip: If you want to go for Sunday brunch go early so your favorites will still be available. You may also want to nudge the servers a little more than you usually would because even though our drinks were bottomless it was a pain to get them back to give us refills - even for water.Quiet Storm is a delicious and cozy little place located in the colorful Bloomfield area. The buildings surrounding Quiet Storm are often painted with cute art or have little interesting things about them. I love this neighborhood but I love Quiet Storm even more! I've only been here twice and I always want to go more often but somehow it doesn't happen. I've turned on three of my friends to Quiet Storm too and they love it just as much. The first time I visited I ordered a tofu hash. It was an amazing blend of seasonal vegetables including some I would never eat otherwise. The tofu was nice and firm the seisage was spicy and perfectly chewy. The vegan cheese sauce was also rich and delicious.  The portion was so huge I couldn't finish it. Leftovers are rarely as good as when the meal is fresh but I was pleasantly surprised to find that my leftovers were even BETTER than the fresh meal. I think this is because the spices and vegetables had more time to meld together in a perfect veggie harmony. The second time I visited was 4/21/2013. A group of my friends came here for Brunch. Two of us ordered the Vegan Country Burrito another friend ordered the french toast with pistachio honey topping and my other friend ordered a tofu hash with black beans and salsa. Everything was generously portioned but some meal choices were sold out. They were a bit disappointed that there was no more falafel. All of us devoured our plates and happily chattered about the complexity of flavor protein content in vegan food items and how much we loved the atmosphere. Quiet Storm is a great little place to visit. It's never lacking in interesting things to look at while you eat. Food comes as quickly as possible. There are plenty of options to please everyone and if you think you don't like vegetables try one of their plates and you may change your mind. (Seriously I am one of those vegans who hates veggies but Quiet Storm food can get me to finish all of mine) Tip: If you want to go for Sunday brunch go early so your favorites will still be available. You may also want to nudge the servers a little more than you usually would because even though our drinks were bottomless it was a pain to get them back to give us refills - even for water.