So when we first went here for brunch I had no idea it was a vegetarian restaurant.  That's an unpleasant prospect to face down after a hard night of drinking which is the only time the idea of brunch ever occurs to me.  But then the grim Spectre of Laziness appeared to me and asked Do you really want to drive to another place?  Just look at you. Your wearing the same shirt that you wore yesterday dude.  The Spectre of Laziness is a dick but he was also right.  And to my surprise nothing I had was bad at all.  For brunch options meat eaters will find that potatoes and eggs are the cornerstone of any breakfast and seitan substitutions are not as bad as say having the grim Spectre of Laziness point out your slovenly appearance.  I think the biggest surprise in this place is that though nothing is particularly jarring to the palate there is nothing that really stands out as being amazing.  In Yelp terms: it's kind of a 3.  For hard core vegetarians having a night er mid-afternoon on the town it's probably a blessed change from the meat based culture that Pittsburgh is pretty famous for.  But I'm willing to wager that very meat eaters will become converted to vegetarians after this.  Maybe they did TOO good of a job substituting meat items.  That being said we did make it back another time for lunch where I had a vegetarian gyro.  My friend said it best: What's the fucking point?The service is always very sweet but both times the waiters have been curiously nay ominously spacey.  Even when it wasn't crowded there had to be some substantial flag downs and polite and doleful eye contact before they would do what you needed.  If you're in the area and looking for...this type of thing you really don't have too many other options so just eat it.So when we first went here for brunch I had no idea it was a vegetarian restaurant.  That's an unpleasant prospect to face down after a hard night of drinking which is the only time the idea of brunch ever occurs to me.  But then the grim Spectre of Laziness appeared to me and asked Do you really want to drive to another place?  Just look at you. Your wearing the same shirt that you wore yesterday dude.  The Spectre of Laziness is a dick but he was also right.  And to my surprise nothing I had was bad at all.  For brunch options meat eaters will find that potatoes and eggs are the cornerstone of any breakfast and seitan substitutions are not as bad as say having the grim Spectre of Laziness point out your slovenly appearance.  I think the biggest surprise in this place is that though nothing is particularly jarring to the palate there is nothing that really stands out as being amazing.  In Yelp terms: it's kind of a 3.  For hard core vegetarians having a night er mid-afternoon on the town it's probably a blessed change from the meat based culture that Pittsburgh is pretty famous for.  But I'm willing to wager that very meat eaters will become converted to vegetarians after this.  Maybe they did TOO good of a job substituting meat items.  That being said we did make it back another time for lunch where I had a vegetarian gyro.  My friend said it best: What's the fucking point?The service is always very sweet but both times the waiters have been curiously nay ominously spacey.  Even when it wasn't crowded there had to be some substantial flag downs and polite and doleful eye contact before they would do what you needed.  If you're in the area and looking for...this type of thing you really don't have too many other options so just eat it.