Casbah is the type of restaurant that I find most difficult to write about.I came here recently with my beau for a special birthday dinner seeing as they had several vegetarian options on their menu. We booked our reservation on OpenTable which I was glad to see that they actually used. I noted that both of us diners were vegetarian and found that our server and hostess were very accommodating in that respect.We were seated outside which offered us a pleasant experience on their lovely patio. Their ambiance is nice and their service outstanding. I found that everyone there knew what they were talking about and possessed a deep passion for food as opposed to obnoxious pretense which upscale restaurants like Casbah can have.As for the food it was above average. Nothing outstanding but definitely still tasty. My boyfriend ordered the gnocchi (made veg) which turned out to be excellent while I got the cavatelli (also made veg). We also shared a half-order of the torchetti and unfortunately neither the cavatelli nor the torchetti stood out too much. The gnocchi and the appetizer (grilled chickpea flatbread) were by far the highlights.In the end come here for the service and ambiance but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime.Casbah is the type of restaurant that I find most difficult to write about.I came here recently with my beau for a special birthday dinner seeing as they had several vegetarian options on their menu. We booked our reservation on OpenTable which I was glad to see that they actually used. I noted that both of us diners were vegetarian and found that our server and hostess were very accommodating in that respect.We were seated outside which offered us a pleasant experience on their lovely patio. Their ambiance is nice and their service outstanding. I found that everyone there knew what they were talking about and possessed a deep passion for food as opposed to obnoxious pretense which upscale restaurants like Casbah can have.As for the food it was above average. Nothing outstanding but definitely still tasty. My boyfriend ordered the gnocchi (made veg) which turned out to be excellent while I got the cavatelli (also made veg). We also shared a half-order of the torchetti and unfortunately neither the cavatelli nor the torchetti stood out too much. The gnocchi and the appetizer (grilled chickpea flatbread) were by far the highlights.In the end come here for the service and ambiance but don't expect to have the meal of your lifetime.