I looove Quiet Storm! It's a pain for the car less (me) to get to and the service is fairly lacking it's cash only with no convenient ATM's around the closest business is a McDonald's half a mile away. And I still go there every chance I get. Hipsters abound (pro or con depending on who you are) and the place is REALLY child friendly (again could be a pro or con). But generally the crowd is mellow reading chatting just enjoying.The menu is designed in a way that they have something for everyone (except those adverse to eating healthy :). Between the veg and vegan options they manage to have a menu that is fairly celiac friendly too not an easy thing to do!A lot of the reviews here are about breakfast which is amazing. But my favorite are their dinner salads. They're protein heavy with a huge variety of ingredients not your typical salads. And their specials like tofu curry are amazing and always enough food for two.Oh and the drink menu! I'm pretty much a water coffee beer kind of person so I haven't tried too much on it. But everything looks amazing. Quiet Storm is one of those places that doesn't do a wide variety of things but what they do they do damn well!I looove Quiet Storm! It's a pain for the car less (me) to get to and the service is fairly lacking it's cash only with no convenient ATM's around the closest business is a McDonald's half a mile away. And I still go there every chance I get. Hipsters abound (pro or con depending on who you are) and the place is REALLY child friendly (again could be a pro or con). But generally the crowd is mellow reading chatting just enjoying.The menu is designed in a way that they have something for everyone (except those adverse to eating healthy :). Between the veg and vegan options they manage to have a menu that is fairly celiac friendly too not an easy thing to do!A lot of the reviews here are about breakfast which is amazing. But my favorite are their dinner salads. They're protein heavy with a huge variety of ingredients not your typical salads. And their specials like tofu curry are amazing and always enough food for two.Oh and the drink menu! I'm pretty much a water coffee beer kind of person so I haven't tried too much on it. But everything looks amazing. Quiet Storm is one of those places that doesn't do a wide variety of things but what they do they do damn well!