For solid veggie/vegan food in Pittsburgh's east end the QS is a reliable meat-free choice. There are enough good options on the menu that a seasoned QS diner could guide a newbie past the landmines of total-miss dishes in search of the greener pastures of the spicy peanut tofu wrap and other local faves. The scrambled tofu is a shining star. The kitchen often does remarkable things with potatoes. The salads go above and beyond to woo your heart with way more toppings & stuff than any other salad I've eaten in Pittsburgh -- this includes salads served with French Fries! Nothing here is fried - even the fried foods are baked. Your arteries are grateful. The kitchen is unfortunately very inconsistent and an attentive & caring cook is a very different experience here than the apathetic distracted or exhausted cook. This used to be The Place to Brunch and I'm sure it's still busy on the weekend mornings but I had to quit when all these SUV families started monopolizing my fave tables -- apparently the QS made it into some kind of VISIT PENNSYLVANIA travel guide as a great brunch spot. I hate to be that I liked their old stuff better kind of a person but well... Don't be caught unawares- in my cashless world dinner at the QS means making a special ATM run. The QS is super kid-friendly. Books magazines and children's toys accompany the wireless internet (which sometimes works and sometimes doesnt and no the staff can't help you). The menu is kid-friendly the staff is used to dealing with kids and if you really hate children you might not want to go there since their peals of laughter and joy might melt your wicked black heart. I wouldn't hesitate to take the 2 year olds or 12 year olds I know. The drip coffee is good and bottomless- soy creamer is available. The espresso drinks are really really hit or miss. You may have the tastiest drink you could imagine or you might be left choking down a $5 drink made by someone who has never drank a cup of coffee. No liquor license but you can BYOB for a nominal charge. The service is sometimes swift but more often lacking. I would never take a date here again --- getting the totally wrong order & waiting half an hour for it to be even acknowledged by the staff is an embarrassment when you tell your date the restaurant is one of your faves. Fortunately if you are dating me you probably aren't there for the dinner. If you have plenty of time to kill & self-esteem strong enough to weather the whithering glances of the hipper set of pgh's east end this could be your new fave spot too. I do wish the hours were a little different - I operate on the schedule of a late-nite diner though.For solid veggie/vegan food in Pittsburgh's east end the QS is a reliable meat-free choice. There are enough good options on the menu that a seasoned QS diner could guide a newbie past the landmines of total-miss dishes in search of the greener pastures of the spicy peanut tofu wrap and other local faves. The scrambled tofu is a shining star. The kitchen often does remarkable things with potatoes. The salads go above and beyond to woo your heart with way more toppings & stuff than any other salad I've eaten in Pittsburgh -- this includes salads served with French Fries! Nothing here is fried - even the fried foods are baked. Your arteries are grateful. The kitchen is unfortunately very inconsistent and an attentive & caring cook is a very different experience here than the apathetic distracted or exhausted cook. This used to be The Place to Brunch and I'm sure it's still busy on the weekend mornings but I had to quit when all these SUV families started monopolizing my fave tables -- apparently the QS made it into some kind of VISIT PENNSYLVANIA travel guide as a great brunch spot. I hate to be that I liked their old stuff better kind of a person but well... Don't be caught unawares- in my cashless world dinner at the QS means making a special ATM run. The QS is super kid-friendly. Books magazines and children's toys accompany the wireless internet (which sometimes works and sometimes doesnt and no the staff can't help you). The menu is kid-friendly the staff is used to dealing with kids and if you really hate children you might not want to go there since their peals of laughter and joy might melt your wicked black heart. I wouldn't hesitate to take the 2 year olds or 12 year olds I know. The drip coffee is good and bottomless- soy creamer is available. The espresso drinks are really really hit or miss. You may have the tastiest drink you could imagine or you might be left choking down a $5 drink made by someone who has never drank a cup of coffee. No liquor license but you can BYOB for a nominal charge. The service is sometimes swift but more often lacking. I would never take a date here again --- getting the totally wrong order & waiting half an hour for it to be even acknowledged by the staff is an embarrassment when you tell your date the restaurant is one of your faves. Fortunately if you are dating me you probably aren't there for the dinner. If you have plenty of time to kill & self-esteem strong enough to weather the whithering glances of the hipper set of pgh's east end this could be your new fave spot too. I do wish the hours were a little different - I operate on the schedule of a late-nite diner though.