My friend and I both had Friday off so we decided we wanted to do something more interesting than just hit up a bar on Thursday night. We settled on Dave and Busters. I went on Facebook and printed off a coupon for buy $20 get $20 in play free (we split the card it took us about 1.5-2 hours to get through)The games weren't *quite* as fun as I remembered but it was still a good time. The place was far from crowded and when a machine was out of tickets it took us a good deal of time to find someone to assist us. When we did the team at D&B could not have been more accommodating. To apologize for our wait they swiped us in for several games as well as gave us a handful of tokens for the game we were playing. I think a lot of companies (I'm looking at you American Airlines) could learn a lot from D&B. It cost them virtually nothing to swipe us in for games but it made our experience so much better.Drinks are half-price after 8 or 9 my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks.My friend and I both had Friday off so we decided we wanted to do something more interesting than just hit up a bar on Thursday night. We settled on Dave and Busters. I went on Facebook and printed off a coupon for buy $20 get $20 in play free (we split the card it took us about 1.5-2 hours to get through)The games weren't *quite* as fun as I remembered but it was still a good time. The place was far from crowded and when a machine was out of tickets it took us a good deal of time to find someone to assist us. When we did the team at D&B could not have been more accommodating. To apologize for our wait they swiped us in for several games as well as gave us a handful of tokens for the game we were playing. I think a lot of companies (I'm looking at you American Airlines) could learn a lot from D&B. It cost them virtually nothing to swipe us in for games but it made our experience so much better.Drinks are half-price after 8 or 9 my Tropical Mojito was awesome! My friend and I are definitely planning on going back on a Wednesday for half-price games AND half-price drinks.