I was treated to Casbah for lunch by a potential employer who had passed me over but really really liked me. She said it was her favorite restaurant but that she didn't go as often as she'd like.I knew the building from the early 80's when it had been one of Pittsburgh's dive gay bars called 'The Tender Trap' and knowing this as well as a lot about the Big Bistroid Group...oops...Big BURRITO Group I was curious to try it out and see if it lived up to the usual Big Burrito hype.  And voila indeed it's another excruciatingly overpriced bistroid in da burgh.The atmosphere is actually quite lovely inside or out. The colors are comfortable the noise levels subtle the seating comfortable and the service staff looks professional (YOUNG) with no Coney Island side show appearances.The service was good. Not overly friendly but not uppity like young people waiting tables in more upscale restaurants tend to be in da bugh.The menu was short but did have a list of pretty unique offerings.  My friend had a salmon salad and I opted to try the Farm Lamb Mac-n-Cheese.  The waiter brought a small basket with bread to the table accompanied by a single medium sized pat of salted butter to spread.  For a beverage we both opted for just water.I have to say if I actually had to pay for this I would have been pretty miffed.  For LUNCH the prices were all around the $15 range and the portions were NOT large.  The portions were actually fine for lunch not overly filling (by any stretch of the imagination) but they didn't leave you hungry.I can't speak for the salmon as I have NEVER had salmon in any form other than lox that didn't taste like a dried sawdust version of some strong fish. She seemed to enjoy it very much so there it is.The Farm Lamb mac n cheese was tasty. The lamb was tender and moist and the mac n cheese was a tiny tube pasta with a very nice creamy cheesy sauce all topped with a bread crumb covering when it was broiled until crispy.  It was accompanied by a 'pinch' of mesclun salad topped with another pinch of fried onions.Basically - take one large spoonful of mac n cheese with a higher end cheese sauce and a fancier noodle than comes in the average box - mix in about four cubes of roast lamb sprinkle on a layer of bread crumbs and toss it in the broiler until the crumbs are toasted - then using your index finger and thumb pick up a pinch of mesclun and sit it on the plate next to the mac n cheese bowl - and you have a bistroid expensive art project on a plate.Seriously? $15 for lunch? It's mac n cheese people!I also have to call into question the name and theme.  Mad Mex is bistroid Tex Mex.  Soba is bistroid Asian.  Kaya is bistroid Caribbean-ish.  Casbah? Farm Lamb mac n cheese? Sure I can see this as a box lunch while riding a camel through the desert...not.I can't say the experience was awful. The company was awesome and we had a nice unpressured amount of time for fun chat.  The atmosphere was comfortable and the food was tasty.  But was it all worthy of a return trip or recommendation?  I honestly can't say 'yes' with any kind of cheerleader rave.  I'm not quite sure that I comprehend the mindset of people in this burgh who think paying that kind of money for food is worth it when honestly food with just as much flavor can be found in abundance around town for half the price and twice the portion. Who are all of these easily dupe-able rich people and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!I was treated to Casbah for lunch by a potential employer who had passed me over but really really liked me. She said it was her favorite restaurant but that she didn't go as often as she'd like.I knew the building from the early 80's when it had been one of Pittsburgh's dive gay bars called 'The Tender Trap' and knowing this as well as a lot about the Big Bistroid Group...oops...Big BURRITO Group I was curious to try it out and see if it lived up to the usual Big Burrito hype.  And voila indeed it's another excruciatingly overpriced bistroid in da burgh.The atmosphere is actually quite lovely inside or out. The colors are comfortable the noise levels subtle the seating comfortable and the service staff looks professional (YOUNG) with no Coney Island side show appearances.The service was good. Not overly friendly but not uppity like young people waiting tables in more upscale restaurants tend to be in da bugh.The menu was short but did have a list of pretty unique offerings.  My friend had a salmon salad and I opted to try the Farm Lamb Mac-n-Cheese.  The waiter brought a small basket with bread to the table accompanied by a single medium sized pat of salted butter to spread.  For a beverage we both opted for just water.I have to say if I actually had to pay for this I would have been pretty miffed.  For LUNCH the prices were all around the $15 range and the portions were NOT large.  The portions were actually fine for lunch not overly filling (by any stretch of the imagination) but they didn't leave you hungry.I can't speak for the salmon as I have NEVER had salmon in any form other than lox that didn't taste like a dried sawdust version of some strong fish. She seemed to enjoy it very much so there it is.The Farm Lamb mac n cheese was tasty. The lamb was tender and moist and the mac n cheese was a tiny tube pasta with a very nice creamy cheesy sauce all topped with a bread crumb covering when it was broiled until crispy.  It was accompanied by a 'pinch' of mesclun salad topped with another pinch of fried onions.Basically - take one large spoonful of mac n cheese with a higher end cheese sauce and a fancier noodle than comes in the average box - mix in about four cubes of roast lamb sprinkle on a layer of bread crumbs and toss it in the broiler until the crumbs are toasted - then using your index finger and thumb pick up a pinch of mesclun and sit it on the plate next to the mac n cheese bowl - and you have a bistroid expensive art project on a plate.Seriously? $15 for lunch? It's mac n cheese people!I also have to call into question the name and theme.  Mad Mex is bistroid Tex Mex.  Soba is bistroid Asian.  Kaya is bistroid Caribbean-ish.  Casbah? Farm Lamb mac n cheese? Sure I can see this as a box lunch while riding a camel through the desert...not.I can't say the experience was awful. The company was awesome and we had a nice unpressured amount of time for fun chat.  The atmosphere was comfortable and the food was tasty.  But was it all worthy of a return trip or recommendation?  I honestly can't say 'yes' with any kind of cheerleader rave.  I'm not quite sure that I comprehend the mindset of people in this burgh who think paying that kind of money for food is worth it when honestly food with just as much flavor can be found in abundance around town for half the price and twice the portion. Who are all of these easily dupe-able rich people and where do they come from? Want to blow that kind of money? Get out your check book and let me give you my address!