Quiet Storm was the other bookend to my trip to Pittsburgh providing a perfect balance with Zenith earlier in the week. It's a little out of the way but once we got there it's exactly the kind of place I want to live close to. It's spacious and relaxed; we sat there for two hours after eating our lunch and were not at all pressured to move on. It had a very good neighborhood vibe and everyone working there knew the place and the area really well.The drink options were pretty great- the coffee was just fine but the ginger lemonade I ordered a couple hours after lunch was phenomenal. I wish I could have that more often. The food was great; there are lots of options and the portion sizes were exactly what I wanted. I had the Dagwood sandwich which was a perfect mix of sweet sour and spicy with hummus apples hot peppers cucumbers and pickles... it came with an option of the side and I had to try the mockamole. A big fan of guacamole myself I was totally in doubt of a green pea-based mock version. I also really like peas though so I was open. And somehow they managed to make it work and it really did taste very much like guac with a slightly less heavy and maybe a bit grainier texture. But definitely worth a try. My friend had a wrap with curry and tofu and I honestly don't remember what else but it was huge and really tasty. She chose the potato salad as her side and it was the perfect imitation of German potato salad so I was pretty happy. All in all if you're in Pittsburgh and feel a little lost... go to Zenith and Quiet Storm and you will feel found.Quiet Storm was the other bookend to my trip to Pittsburgh providing a perfect balance with Zenith earlier in the week. It's a little out of the way but once we got there it's exactly the kind of place I want to live close to. It's spacious and relaxed; we sat there for two hours after eating our lunch and were not at all pressured to move on. It had a very good neighborhood vibe and everyone working there knew the place and the area really well.The drink options were pretty great- the coffee was just fine but the ginger lemonade I ordered a couple hours after lunch was phenomenal. I wish I could have that more often. The food was great; there are lots of options and the portion sizes were exactly what I wanted. I had the Dagwood sandwich which was a perfect mix of sweet sour and spicy with hummus apples hot peppers cucumbers and pickles... it came with an option of the side and I had to try the mockamole. A big fan of guacamole myself I was totally in doubt of a green pea-based mock version. I also really like peas though so I was open. And somehow they managed to make it work and it really did taste very much like guac with a slightly less heavy and maybe a bit grainier texture. But definitely worth a try. My friend had a wrap with curry and tofu and I honestly don't remember what else but it was huge and really tasty. She chose the potato salad as her side and it was the perfect imitation of German potato salad so I was pretty happy. All in all if you're in Pittsburgh and feel a little lost... go to Zenith and Quiet Storm and you will feel found.