SETTING:Outside seating connected to an indoor area. Dim mood lighting. Relaxed but a notch above casual. FOOD:Entree: Cioppino. Translation: Mixed seafood platter atop a savory broth. Imagine a shallow bowl containing a generous amount of shrimp littleneck clams mussels striped bass scallop arranged on top of a savory broth/sauce. A light soup-like consistency the sauce rests at the bottom of the bowl. The entree comes with two triangle pieces of charred sourdough bread for more broth-dipping action. My favorite part of the Cioppino were the scallops and mussels and clams. Those items themselves were delicious and even more tasty when accompanied with the broth. The bass and shrimp were prepared well just not as flavorful. Although a generous portion I would say this is a perfectly sized meal; not a heavy entree at all which to me is a good thing. SERVICE:Our waiter was very knowledgeable and was confident with his recommendations. He didn't pull one of those well they're all pretty good depends on what you like lines. Instead he rattled off the top items in each section and even emphasized a few that he highly recommended if this is the only time we are ever dining here. We appreciated his honesty. Waters were kept filled and he checked up on us regularly but not overwhelmingly so like a helicopter parent. Ended the night with complementary salted caramels with our checks. A nice touch.IMPRESSIONS: A solid dining experience but I'm not sure if there was anything that left a special lasting impression. My group of grad student friends (we're the farthest thing from snobs) all agreed we enjoyed the food but were not blown away. We all ordered different entrees that came highly recommended which allowed us to sample the popular entrees. With the price point I think we were hoping for a bit more. Definitely want to come back to try the brunch that people have raved about. I'm all about second chances.SETTING:Outside seating connected to an indoor area. Dim mood lighting. Relaxed but a notch above casual. FOOD:Entree: Cioppino. Translation: Mixed seafood platter atop a savory broth. Imagine a shallow bowl containing a generous amount of shrimp littleneck clams mussels striped bass scallop arranged on top of a savory broth/sauce. A light soup-like consistency the sauce rests at the bottom of the bowl. The entree comes with two triangle pieces of charred sourdough bread for more broth-dipping action. My favorite part of the Cioppino were the scallops and mussels and clams. Those items themselves were delicious and even more tasty when accompanied with the broth. The bass and shrimp were prepared well just not as flavorful. Although a generous portion I would say this is a perfectly sized meal; not a heavy entree at all which to me is a good thing. SERVICE:Our waiter was very knowledgeable and was confident with his recommendations. He didn't pull one of those well they're all pretty good depends on what you like lines. Instead he rattled off the top items in each section and even emphasized a few that he highly recommended if this is the only time we are ever dining here. We appreciated his honesty. Waters were kept filled and he checked up on us regularly but not overwhelmingly so like a helicopter parent. Ended the night with complementary salted caramels with our checks. A nice touch.IMPRESSIONS: A solid dining experience but I'm not sure if there was anything that left a special lasting impression. My group of grad student friends (we're the farthest thing from snobs) all agreed we enjoyed the food but were not blown away. We all ordered different entrees that came highly recommended which allowed us to sample the popular entrees. With the price point I think we were hoping for a bit more. Definitely want to come back to try the brunch that people have raved about. I'm all about second chances.