I love the Big Burrito group and I love even more that they just sent out a bunch of coupons. The other night I got off early from work and was able to go to Casbah for dinner during the week. When we got there they took a minute to figure out where we would sit even though it appeared that they were empty. However  1/2 way through dinner it seemed like they were seating those with reservations inside and walk ins outside. The place is set up with what would be the patio enclosed. There are big heaters on the ceilings that are directed straight at the tables. I will say that it was a little too warm and even though the host said he would turn them down I don't think that was done. The waitress came and told us about the menu took our drink orders and brought us some bread with a yogurt spread and salted butter. I did ask her if the $10 off entrée coupon could be used on the pasta entrées and I think at that point she began to think that we were poor young kids. But back to that later. . . To start we shared the crispy calamari ($11) with capers lemons chili and parsley which was probably some of the best calamari ever. It was not chewy and it had the best sauce ever! We also ordered the grilled chickpea flatbread appetizer ($9) which I expected to be a flatbread but actually came as grilled pita with three separate dips - baba ghanoush hummus and red pepper muhummara. For dinner I ordered the short rib ravioli ($24) which came with swiss chard oyster mushrooms roasted shallots and gremolata. This was the more decadent dish ever! When it first came it had about 6 raviolis and didn't appear to be enough but it was more than enough!My husband ordered the Casbah Double Cut Pork Chop ($27) which came with braised kale prosciutto & parmesan risotto garlic cream and a sage jus. The pork was very moist and the risotto was cooked perfectly. There were no left overs!After this huge meal we decided on taking a dessert to go. We both agreed upon the Dark Chocolate Rasberry Bread Pudding ($8). So I asked the waitress if it would travel well since we wanted to take it to go. At that time she looked at me and asked if we had a toaster oven where we lived. . . Um yes lady we do in fact we have an oven also AND we own our own home. Despite the comment we took the dessert home and put it in the oven later that night and we were not disappointed. Overall the meal was delicious we got to use two $10 off coupons and I would highly recommend it to anyone. However I still favor Eleven!I love the Big Burrito group and I love even more that they just sent out a bunch of coupons. The other night I got off early from work and was able to go to Casbah for dinner during the week. When we got there they took a minute to figure out where we would sit even though it appeared that they were empty. However  1/2 way through dinner it seemed like they were seating those with reservations inside and walk ins outside. The place is set up with what would be the patio enclosed. There are big heaters on the ceilings that are directed straight at the tables. I will say that it was a little too warm and even though the host said he would turn them down I don't think that was done. The waitress came and told us about the menu took our drink orders and brought us some bread with a yogurt spread and salted butter. I did ask her if the $10 off entrée coupon could be used on the pasta entrées and I think at that point she began to think that we were poor young kids. But back to that later. . . To start we shared the crispy calamari ($11) with capers lemons chili and parsley which was probably some of the best calamari ever. It was not chewy and it had the best sauce ever! We also ordered the grilled chickpea flatbread appetizer ($9) which I expected to be a flatbread but actually came as grilled pita with three separate dips - baba ghanoush hummus and red pepper muhummara. For dinner I ordered the short rib ravioli ($24) which came with swiss chard oyster mushrooms roasted shallots and gremolata. This was the more decadent dish ever! When it first came it had about 6 raviolis and didn't appear to be enough but it was more than enough!My husband ordered the Casbah Double Cut Pork Chop ($27) which came with braised kale prosciutto & parmesan risotto garlic cream and a sage jus. The pork was very moist and the risotto was cooked perfectly. There were no left overs!After this huge meal we decided on taking a dessert to go. We both agreed upon the Dark Chocolate Rasberry Bread Pudding ($8). So I asked the waitress if it would travel well since we wanted to take it to go. At that time she looked at me and asked if we had a toaster oven where we lived. . . Um yes lady we do in fact we have an oven also AND we own our own home. Despite the comment we took the dessert home and put it in the oven later that night and we were not disappointed. Overall the meal was delicious we got to use two $10 off coupons and I would highly recommend it to anyone. However I still favor Eleven!