I had a free entree from Big Burrito for my birthday for which we decided to use at Casbah a few weeks ago. It was my first time there though I've tried a few other BB restaurants in the past. Food: - Cracked pepper butter was delicious - I had to warn the waitress not to let me have any more bread and ruin my meal!- Grilled Bruschetta (ricotta fava beans Swiss chard  preserved lemon arugula chervil Calcagno) was a bit too lemon-y for my liking- Short Rib Raviolli (Short Rib Ravioli Swiss chard oyster mushrooms roasted shallots gremolata) was very savory and I would definitely order it again- Double-Cut Pork Chop (with braised kale prosciutto & parmesan risotto garlic cream sage jus) was Joe's meal. I tasted a bit of everything and really enjoyed the kale. I like really really creamy risotto and this wasn't quite there. I dont want to say it was undercooked as I like I just like mine over-cooked.- Fried Apple Empanadas (vanilla bean cider reduction toasted oat streusel  caramel ice cream) The ice cream was great but the empanadas were bland to me.Service: Not terrible. I understand at nice restaurants people enjoy taking their time to relax enjoy their meals and converse with their dinner-mates but our server should have been more observant to the fact that we would be just sitting there with empty places waiting for the desert menu. I will note though that the table next to us returned two glasses of the same wine and the bartender came over and very politely suggested an alternative wine for the patron. They were very accommodating in this way. Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first.I had a free entree from Big Burrito for my birthday for which we decided to use at Casbah a few weeks ago. It was my first time there though I've tried a few other BB restaurants in the past. Food: - Cracked pepper butter was delicious - I had to warn the waitress not to let me have any more bread and ruin my meal!- Grilled Bruschetta (ricotta fava beans Swiss chard  preserved lemon arugula chervil Calcagno) was a bit too lemon-y for my liking- Short Rib Raviolli (Short Rib Ravioli Swiss chard oyster mushrooms roasted shallots gremolata) was very savory and I would definitely order it again- Double-Cut Pork Chop (with braised kale prosciutto & parmesan risotto garlic cream sage jus) was Joe's meal. I tasted a bit of everything and really enjoyed the kale. I like really really creamy risotto and this wasn't quite there. I dont want to say it was undercooked as I like I just like mine over-cooked.- Fried Apple Empanadas (vanilla bean cider reduction toasted oat streusel  caramel ice cream) The ice cream was great but the empanadas were bland to me.Service: Not terrible. I understand at nice restaurants people enjoy taking their time to relax enjoy their meals and converse with their dinner-mates but our server should have been more observant to the fact that we would be just sitting there with empty places waiting for the desert menu. I will note though that the table next to us returned two glasses of the same wine and the bartender came over and very politely suggested an alternative wine for the patron. They were very accommodating in this way. Will I go back? Someday - but I think I may try Soba or Kaya first.