Delightful! After biking on the river trail that led us to the Waterfront we zoomed past what looked like a wonderful patio situation at Mitchell's right on the river. We parked our bikes and were seated promptly at the patio. The waitress even filled our water bottles for us! The interior of the restaurant is very nice sea-themed and clean. The decor is really tasteful and classy. The outside was perfect. It was Sunday afternoon and the weather was gorgeous. Looking out to a serene part of the river is fabulous as well. Our waiter was professional knowledgeable and friendly. We decided just on a few drinks and an app. The two drinks my bf ordered were AMAZING. The first muddled basil grapefruit juice and vodka (I forget the name). SO refreshing! the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was a frothy pineapple-vodka with a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners. I stuck with a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :) The app we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was a pretty decent size to split and came with sushi rice a red onion/cucumber relish ginger and wasabi. I believe the tuna was also drizzled with ponzu. It was so good - definitely recommend! My bf couldn't help himself so he also ordered a cup of lobster bisque which I don't eat but he said it was very good. He also polished off some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal. This place definitely earns the stars and I had no idea it was even a chain. The waiter said they were expanding so hopefully the quality and service don't go down. I also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredients and the prices really aren't bad (it was the lunch menu - I'm sure the dinner menu is pricier.) I felt like I was on vacation and I'll definitely be back!Delightful! After biking on the river trail that led us to the Waterfront we zoomed past what looked like a wonderful patio situation at Mitchell's right on the river. We parked our bikes and were seated promptly at the patio. The waitress even filled our water bottles for us! The interior of the restaurant is very nice sea-themed and clean. The decor is really tasteful and classy. The outside was perfect. It was Sunday afternoon and the weather was gorgeous. Looking out to a serene part of the river is fabulous as well. Our waiter was professional knowledgeable and friendly. We decided just on a few drinks and an app. The two drinks my bf ordered were AMAZING. The first muddled basil grapefruit juice and vodka (I forget the name). SO refreshing! the basil was flavorful and tasted awesome with the grapefruit juice. The second he got was a frothy pineapple-vodka with a huge fresh chunk of pineapple inside. Both were winners. I stuck with a fairly priced white wine but got to test his fun drinks :) The app we got was the Hawaiian Seared Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. It was a pretty decent size to split and came with sushi rice a red onion/cucumber relish ginger and wasabi. I believe the tuna was also drizzled with ponzu. It was so good - definitely recommend! My bf couldn't help himself so he also ordered a cup of lobster bisque which I don't eat but he said it was very good. He also polished off some of the warm bread loaf that accompanied our meal. This place definitely earns the stars and I had no idea it was even a chain. The waiter said they were expanding so hopefully the quality and service don't go down. I also checked out the rest of the menu and they use quality ingredients and the prices really aren't bad (it was the lunch menu - I'm sure the dinner menu is pricier.) I felt like I was on vacation and I'll definitely be back!