Any place that accommodates with a special dietary menu for a little known disease gets five stars from me.  P.F. Chang's has a dedicated Gluten-Free Menu for those of us who suffer from celiac disease.  They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don't know many other restaurants that go this far.Aside from the menu preference I enjoy my overall experience every time.  Their menu is a bit different than that of what most people will be used to if you regularly eat a Chinese Take-Out or Buffet joints.  Don't expect this to be at all like that.  It's not a Buffet.  They don't sell General Tso's (though Chang's Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar it's my personal favorite) or other signature foods that you may expect.  They do sell very similar items with different names and a few of their own adjustments just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure.  They also sell Sake I believe they have a few different types.  The prices can get a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on what you get but it's well worth it.  Portions are excellent and the taste is great.  I've yet to have one complaint and I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of a few years.The only downside it can be a little crowded and a bit loud.  It's also very dark because of their lighting.  However I think it sets the atmosphere.  It can be a romantic place or a casual place I've been there for both.Any place that accommodates with a special dietary menu for a little known disease gets five stars from me.  P.F. Chang's has a dedicated Gluten-Free Menu for those of us who suffer from celiac disease.  They also make sure to clean down the area they prepare the specialty dinner so as to avoid cross-contamination.  I don't know many other restaurants that go this far.Aside from the menu preference I enjoy my overall experience every time.  Their menu is a bit different than that of what most people will be used to if you regularly eat a Chinese Take-Out or Buffet joints.  Don't expect this to be at all like that.  It's not a Buffet.  They don't sell General Tso's (though Chang's Spicy Chicken is recommended for those looking for something similar it's my personal favorite) or other signature foods that you may expect.  They do sell very similar items with different names and a few of their own adjustments just make sure to read the menu description and ask questions if you are not sure.  They also sell Sake I believe they have a few different types.  The prices can get a bit more expensive than your average Chinese Restaurant depending on what you get but it's well worth it.  Portions are excellent and the taste is great.  I've yet to have one complaint and I have frequented this establishment several times over the span of a few years.The only downside it can be a little crowded and a bit loud.  It's also very dark because of their lighting.  However I think it sets the atmosphere.  It can be a romantic place or a casual place I've been there for both.