So I'm a lowkey snob when it comes to going to nice restaurants and though a lot of places charge an arm and a leg are overrated and are just not up to par with what I'm used to coming from Sf and La. With that said casbah was a nice little taste of home for me.  It had really fresh ingredients and a nice selection of wines to go with. We started with a cheese trio with was paired well with different preserves and chutneys.  We then had roasted octopus and the scallops.   The scallops for me were very interesting and a little too sweet for my taste with the pear and lacked texural components.  However the octopus has a real nice char and was full of great well rounded flavors.  For our entrees my bf got the duck which was underseasoned and the fat was jot rendered out correctly.  The skin was also burnt.  The sides and vegetbales of the dish were seasoned and cooked beautifully though.  I had the lamb loin and it was perfectlh medium rare with delicious bitter greens.  I honestly loved every part of my entree and the red wines we selected went well with the meal. All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money.So I'm a lowkey snob when it comes to going to nice restaurants and though a lot of places charge an arm and a leg are overrated and are just not up to par with what I'm used to coming from Sf and La. With that said casbah was a nice little taste of home for me.  It had really fresh ingredients and a nice selection of wines to go with. We started with a cheese trio with was paired well with different preserves and chutneys.  We then had roasted octopus and the scallops.   The scallops for me were very interesting and a little too sweet for my taste with the pear and lacked texural components.  However the octopus has a real nice char and was full of great well rounded flavors.  For our entrees my bf got the duck which was underseasoned and the fat was jot rendered out correctly.  The skin was also burnt.  The sides and vegetbales of the dish were seasoned and cooked beautifully though.  I had the lamb loin and it was perfectlh medium rare with delicious bitter greens.  I honestly loved every part of my entree and the red wines we selected went well with the meal. All in all it was a delicious meal and a really nice environment.  And worth the money.