This was my first time at this location.  I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.  There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.  This place seems different to me.  The food quality and care seems to be very high.  The staff is always well trained.  I like the decor and ambiance.  The menu offers many options.  I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.  We were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done.This was my first time at this location.  I've frequented the Upper St Clair Galleria restaurant.  There's a lot to like about this Columbus OH based chain.  I don't usually eat at chain restaurants nor will I review them because they're typically big food corporate run places that don't care what they feed you they just care about their stockholders.  This place seems different to me.  The food quality and care seems to be very high.  The staff is always well trained.  I like the decor and ambiance.  The menu offers many options.  I don't really like the fish preparation options very much and the portions can be small in some of the dishes but overall I am a fan.  I do really appreciate being able to buy fresh fish here.  I like to buy the trout and prepare it at home.  We were here for a Thanksgiving meet-up event with 69 other people.  The room was a little small and it ended up being too loud too but the staff really pulled it off overall.  It's a tough thing to do.  It wasn't perfect for sure but the food was surprisingly good and came out hot and fresh.  Nicely done.