The fresh-baked bread and sun-dried tomato puree is outstanding. We started with the crab cakes which was one of the lightest I've had. I could eat a vat of the lemon aioli itself. We followed with veal and ricotta meatballs that were perfectly cooked. We finished with their Italian fries. I would order these every single time now that I've had them once. Twice cooked herbs garlic confit basil aioli--every single element of the dish is fantastic.If you plan on visiting then make sure you have some time to really take in the drink list and menu. There are always a handful of new recommended wines to try and a signature cocktail of the week (which might I add is usually extremely fun and concocted with unique ingredients). I am impressed with the cleanliness decor and ambiance of the restaurant. I love the feel when the French doors are completely open. I also enjoyed our bartender Eamonn who was funny polite and attentive. He is also a master of not only creating fresh new tasty cocktails but simply understands the right way to mix and serve a drink.Overall I would love to keep Pino's as our little secret but would urge you to try it too!The fresh-baked bread and sun-dried tomato puree is outstanding. We started with the crab cakes which was one of the lightest I've had. I could eat a vat of the lemon aioli itself. We followed with veal and ricotta meatballs that were perfectly cooked. We finished with their Italian fries. I would order these every single time now that I've had them once. Twice cooked herbs garlic confit basil aioli--every single element of the dish is fantastic.If you plan on visiting then make sure you have some time to really take in the drink list and menu. There are always a handful of new recommended wines to try and a signature cocktail of the week (which might I add is usually extremely fun and concocted with unique ingredients). I am impressed with the cleanliness decor and ambiance of the restaurant. I love the feel when the French doors are completely open. I also enjoyed our bartender Eamonn who was funny polite and attentive. He is also a master of not only creating fresh new tasty cocktails but simply understands the right way to mix and serve a drink.Overall I would love to keep Pino's as our little secret but would urge you to try it too!