I really was missing Voluto before its new ownership / management took over on Penn Ave.  I Needed a new place to try with friends who live in Highland Park for an excellent cup of fancy Joe. I'm a steamed milk kind of gal.Starbucks bless them when I am in a rush but i have to order a tripple just to get a hint of my fix but the coffee here is the right strength to cover my caffeine withdrawals. Lovely atmosphere small but not tiny outdoor seating if you want it. Their espresso shots are not served in steamed cups.Take note if you're a hardcore ezzzspresso shooter and you like it piping hot. I am sure if you asked they could probably warm the cup. The baristas are so friendly and laid back and funny. Also the staff members let me use the bathroom after closing one time perfect gentlemen :) A decent selection of yummy pastries to compliment your coffee awaits from apple turnovers to decadent brownies.I also like the crowd that comes here there are younger people older peopler and everyone inbetween (the 30 somethings and 40 somethings) my age group. It has a neighborhood feel but I can tell people come from surrounding areas Tazza is a great example of merging the old and new in Pittsburgh while maintaining the character of its home borough.I really was missing Voluto before its new ownership / management took over on Penn Ave.  I Needed a new place to try with friends who live in Highland Park for an excellent cup of fancy Joe. I'm a steamed milk kind of gal.Starbucks bless them when I am in a rush but i have to order a tripple just to get a hint of my fix but the coffee here is the right strength to cover my caffeine withdrawals. Lovely atmosphere small but not tiny outdoor seating if you want it. Their espresso shots are not served in steamed cups.Take note if you're a hardcore ezzzspresso shooter and you like it piping hot. I am sure if you asked they could probably warm the cup. The baristas are so friendly and laid back and funny. Also the staff members let me use the bathroom after closing one time perfect gentlemen :) A decent selection of yummy pastries to compliment your coffee awaits from apple turnovers to decadent brownies.I also like the crowd that comes here there are younger people older peopler and everyone inbetween (the 30 somethings and 40 somethings) my age group. It has a neighborhood feel but I can tell people come from surrounding areas Tazza is a great example of merging the old and new in Pittsburgh while maintaining the character of its home borough.