Just to start off we were a party of 12 which is always a little difficult.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays.We LOVED the food it was delicious. My husband got a chicken parm sandwich which is served on a yummy flat bread and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it! It was stunning.  It was made with a very delicious crust nice and crisp not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)The one waitress we had JASMINE was fantastic!  She was bright friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections... Now... the other waitress.. Mary something was so incompetent...  She was awful and rude.  She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.  Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?'  She came back cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!  We were mad!!The place is so pretty they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.  They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.   So good food great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place nothing crazy.  All in all we'd like to go back again but we want Jasmine!Just to start off we were a party of 12 which is always a little difficult.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays.We LOVED the food it was delicious. My husband got a chicken parm sandwich which is served on a yummy flat bread and I got the chicken basil pizza ( i got an 8 cut and several ppl tried it) we all LOVED it! It was stunning.  It was made with a very delicious crust nice and crisp not soggy (like pesto pizza can get)The one waitress we had JASMINE was fantastic!  She was bright friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu.  She took extra time with the older ladies in our group to help them with their selections... Now... the other waitress.. Mary something was so incompetent...  She was awful and rude.  She missed 2 people on that side of the table failed to take their order and when we said something she said 'well they didn't speak up!' Ugh.  Then when it was time to sing and cut the cake my sister in law said 'oh hey can you get the cake so we can sing?'  She came back cut the cake (all crazy with some huge pieces and some super small pieces like she never in her life cut a sheet cake) and we didn't even sing!  We were mad!!The place is so pretty they have a new addition that was just built within the last 2 years (according to my father in law) and its really nice.  They look to have a cool bar area with some modern couches and a really sweet look.   So good food great looking place.. one bad waitress. Prices are about middle of the road for an authentic Italian place nothing crazy.  All in all we'd like to go back again but we want Jasmine!