This place used to have a great bar/tapas menu with a decent selection of happy hour wine specials.  Now...  not so much.  Well during HH you can get any of the wines under $10 for $5.  Selection by the glass is limited.  As for their menu/dinner - this is totally a different story.  I haven't really been disappointed yet!  The appetizers/small plates all pretty good I really like the chevre croquettes ($7).  The salads are good and although I haven't gotten the soup anytime lately I hear great things from my friends.  The entrees are always excellent - I usually tend to stick to the seafood (halibut $29) and never have been disappointed (and importantly nothing has ever been overcooked).  The signature orecchiette dish ($20) is soooo delicious - just ignore the fact that it is a heart attack waiting to happen - it's worth it.  The desserts are ok personally I feel that you would be better advised to stick to filling up on the entrees.  Oh and let me recommend the blood orange martini if they have it - very very yummy!  And it is nice that you can order Veuve Cliquot by the glass ($16).Prices are a bit high for what you'd expect for Pittsburgh but considering the quality of food I would recommend it.P.S. I have heard that they have a great brunch on Sundays. I personally haven't tried it but with the number of compliments I hear it's probably worth the try!-------------------------Update 12/9/07:  Went to the brunch.  What a great deal!  For $22 you get a choice of alcoholic beverage (bloody mary mimosa bellini) as well as a starter and then the entree.  They have a lot of choices so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me too much onion.  The truffled potato was yummy.  The arugula salad was as delicious as ever!  And for entree we both got the Casbah benedict.  I have to admit that neither of us was blown away but it was good and filling.  I think that we will both be back to try other things on the menu!This place used to have a great bar/tapas menu with a decent selection of happy hour wine specials.  Now...  not so much.  Well during HH you can get any of the wines under $10 for $5.  Selection by the glass is limited.  As for their menu/dinner - this is totally a different story.  I haven't really been disappointed yet!  The appetizers/small plates all pretty good I really like the chevre croquettes ($7).  The salads are good and although I haven't gotten the soup anytime lately I hear great things from my friends.  The entrees are always excellent - I usually tend to stick to the seafood (halibut $29) and never have been disappointed (and importantly nothing has ever been overcooked).  The signature orecchiette dish ($20) is soooo delicious - just ignore the fact that it is a heart attack waiting to happen - it's worth it.  The desserts are ok personally I feel that you would be better advised to stick to filling up on the entrees.  Oh and let me recommend the blood orange martini if they have it - very very yummy!  And it is nice that you can order Veuve Cliquot by the glass ($16).Prices are a bit high for what you'd expect for Pittsburgh but considering the quality of food I would recommend it.P.S. I have heard that they have a great brunch on Sundays. I personally haven't tried it but with the number of compliments I hear it's probably worth the try!-------------------------Update 12/9/07:  Went to the brunch.  What a great deal!  For $22 you get a choice of alcoholic beverage (bloody mary mimosa bellini) as well as a starter and then the entree.  They have a lot of choices so be prepared to just try one and come back again to try the other stuff!  The smoked salmon appetizer was good although with too much mayonnaise sauce and for me too much onion.  The truffled potato was yummy.  The arugula salad was as delicious as ever!  And for entree we both got the Casbah benedict.  I have to admit that neither of us was blown away but it was good and filling.  I think that we will both be back to try other things on the menu!