Top points. Service. I was there with a large group for a meeting. They gave us a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos. Appetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I'm always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it. Wedge salad with bleu cheese. Waaaaaay too much cheese and I like bleu cheese. I had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry! Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing. Tuna had blackening spices but needed a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected. Other dishes seen--fisherman's platter. Looked a little greasy but that's expected from me in a full fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay. Overall I'm always underwhelmed and overcharged here. I guess with chain places you get that but I want more from a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna.Top points. Service. I was there with a large group for a meeting. They gave us a private room and two servers took care of us. They were efficient and very accommodating. Kudos. Appetizers: had the crab dip and calamari. Both were good. Servers brought extra chips with the dip as they were needed. I'm always surprised that more chips are not just added to the original dish at this point. Dip was good. Calamari was done well. Preferred the shrimp cocktail Sauce with it versus the Asian type soy sauce that is served with it. Wedge salad with bleu cheese. Waaaaaay too much cheese and I like bleu cheese. I had the blackened tuna with mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies. Carrots were carrot sticks hardly cooked and dry! Green beans overdone and broccoli had seen better days. Simple green beans would have been more appetizing. Tuna had blackening spices but needed a better sear on it. Was not over cooked. Potatoes as expected. Other dishes seen--fisherman's platter. Looked a little greasy but that's expected from me in a full fried dish. Would be nice if this was offered broiled as well. Crab cakes and filet looked okay. Overall I'm always underwhelmed and overcharged here. I guess with chain places you get that but I want more from a place that charges me 25 bucks for sub-seared tuna.