Big Burrito does it again! Casbah is located on a wonderful neighborhood street in the Shadyside area of Pittsburgh. We got there a little early and waited a little in the lot. Our reservation was for 11 and they open at 11. We were still told the valet had to move our car. I get they have a way they do things and it must work for them but the lot has about 40 spaces that you can see from the street so I don't know why valet is necessary. We are particular about our vehicles and we don't valet anywhere. Not that the valets weren't nice and it's not like we could not see them move the car but anyway...the main reason they get a 4 and not a 5 star. Onto the meal...We waited just a few minutes in line to be seated. As I said our reservation was at 11 & that is when they open. We were seated promptly requesting the inside area of their dining room. They do have a very nice shaded patio area as well complete with ceiling fans. We requested to sit inside and the hostess happily obliged. We were greeted quickly by a happy and knowledgeable waitress who was on it. She was not at all intrusive but our water was never empty and we didn't have to wait long for our check when we were done. She asked if we wanted any other beverage. I got an iced tea and the hubby requested iced coffee. The waitress noted they could make one for him by adding ice to coffee and he said yes. He was very happy they would accommodate his request. We ordered our food and were promptly brought a basket of bread (oh the wonderful bread basket!). We got 3 types of amazing breadly goodness that included cranberry scones (wow) biscuits (warm soft & the Hubby's favorite) and (my favorite) the lime coconut muffin (sweet lime coconut what's not to love). Oh and let us not forget the maple butter yum! I ordered the smoked salmon app. The combo of salmon capers aioli and truffled potato cake - absolute perfection! There was a salty smokey sweet flavor that was sheer joy on my taste buds. The hubby chose the creamy polenta which he thoroughly enjoyed noting it was very oatmeal like. For my entree it was the sea scallop fry minus the caramelized onions. I would SOOOO get this again! The scallops were cooked to perfection with a wonderful golden outside that makes my heart sing with joy (can you tell I love a good sea scallop?). The combo of English peas fennel sausage and white corn grits...it was something special for sure! I could eat that sausage by the boat load every single day! And the grits - smooth creamy and perfectly seasoned. Not that it needed it but the dish comes with scrambled eggs and a beautifully buttery croissant. My brunch was so satisfying Heaven! The hubby chose the eggs Benedict with prosciutto. He liked it but noted he should have gotten the spinach not the prosciutto. He said the prosciutto seemed vinagary. The dish includes paprika roasted fingerling potatoes which were mild and perfectly cooked. And for dessert we chose the chocolate stout cake on a wine caramel drizzle served with a little dish of creme brulee ice cream. Holy cow! What a terrific chocolate cake & the ice cream rocked too. Overall I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice attentive & knowledgeable. The apps brunch & dessert were yummy and delightful. We will visit again!Big Burrito does it again! Casbah is located on a wonderful neighborhood street in the Shadyside area of Pittsburgh. We got there a little early and waited a little in the lot. Our reservation was for 11 and they open at 11. We were still told the valet had to move our car. I get they have a way they do things and it must work for them but the lot has about 40 spaces that you can see from the street so I don't know why valet is necessary. We are particular about our vehicles and we don't valet anywhere. Not that the valets weren't nice and it's not like we could not see them move the car but anyway...the main reason they get a 4 and not a 5 star. Onto the meal...We waited just a few minutes in line to be seated. As I said our reservation was at 11 & that is when they open. We were seated promptly requesting the inside area of their dining room. They do have a very nice shaded patio area as well complete with ceiling fans. We requested to sit inside and the hostess happily obliged. We were greeted quickly by a happy and knowledgeable waitress who was on it. She was not at all intrusive but our water was never empty and we didn't have to wait long for our check when we were done. She asked if we wanted any other beverage. I got an iced tea and the hubby requested iced coffee. The waitress noted they could make one for him by adding ice to coffee and he said yes. He was very happy they would accommodate his request. We ordered our food and were promptly brought a basket of bread (oh the wonderful bread basket!). We got 3 types of amazing breadly goodness that included cranberry scones (wow) biscuits (warm soft & the Hubby's favorite) and (my favorite) the lime coconut muffin (sweet lime coconut what's not to love). Oh and let us not forget the maple butter yum! I ordered the smoked salmon app. The combo of salmon capers aioli and truffled potato cake - absolute perfection! There was a salty smokey sweet flavor that was sheer joy on my taste buds. The hubby chose the creamy polenta which he thoroughly enjoyed noting it was very oatmeal like. For my entree it was the sea scallop fry minus the caramelized onions. I would SOOOO get this again! The scallops were cooked to perfection with a wonderful golden outside that makes my heart sing with joy (can you tell I love a good sea scallop?). The combo of English peas fennel sausage and white corn grits...it was something special for sure! I could eat that sausage by the boat load every single day! And the grits - smooth creamy and perfectly seasoned. Not that it needed it but the dish comes with scrambled eggs and a beautifully buttery croissant. My brunch was so satisfying Heaven! The hubby chose the eggs Benedict with prosciutto. He liked it but noted he should have gotten the spinach not the prosciutto. He said the prosciutto seemed vinagary. The dish includes paprika roasted fingerling potatoes which were mild and perfectly cooked. And for dessert we chose the chocolate stout cake on a wine caramel drizzle served with a little dish of creme brulee ice cream. Holy cow! What a terrific chocolate cake & the ice cream rocked too. Overall I would recommend Casbah to everyone noting their brunch was fabulous! The valet (even though the need for valet is questionable) and wait staff were super nice attentive & knowledgeable. The apps brunch & dessert were yummy and delightful. We will visit again!