Thought it's somewhat pointless to write a review for this place. I mean every spro geeks i know of in town knows this is the best place to get a cup doppio or any espresso drink. The only reason I still decided to write this review is stupid yelp doesn't let me add a store to my list unless I have written a review for it. dah!This place is where all my fine coffee addiction started with. Never did I have a cup of starbucks coffee after my first visit to Tazza D'ro. Not sure if it is a good thing since now I have to do a lot of research on where to get a good cup of coffee before going to a new city no matter for business or for pleasure.I love their signature bike love for all the espresso drink w/ milk. It's fruity mild and fragrant. It's addictive! The only thing I have against it is that it has pretty strong caffeine in it although it tastes super innocent. It's actually almost stronger then any spro blend I've tried.I also appreciate a lot  the community atmosphere and the effort to bring in community improvement of TD.Not a good place to study/work at on a weekend afternoon tho. It's too popular thus noisy.Thought it's somewhat pointless to write a review for this place. I mean every spro geeks i know of in town knows this is the best place to get a cup doppio or any espresso drink. The only reason I still decided to write this review is stupid yelp doesn't let me add a store to my list unless I have written a review for it. dah!This place is where all my fine coffee addiction started with. Never did I have a cup of starbucks coffee after my first visit to Tazza D'ro. Not sure if it is a good thing since now I have to do a lot of research on where to get a good cup of coffee before going to a new city no matter for business or for pleasure.I love their signature bike love for all the espresso drink w/ milk. It's fruity mild and fragrant. It's addictive! The only thing I have against it is that it has pretty strong caffeine in it although it tastes super innocent. It's actually almost stronger then any spro blend I've tried.I also appreciate a lot  the community atmosphere and the effort to bring in community improvement of TD.Not a good place to study/work at on a weekend afternoon tho. It's too popular thus noisy.