When I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago P F Chang's was no great shakes one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.Here in Pittsburgh it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.  Not perhaps as good as what you can get in LA's top places but fantastic compared to its competition here.The Kung Pao chicken is particularly good with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.  Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.Their fried noodle dish with chicken whose name I have forgotten is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.  Still they get the friedness of the noodles right and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurants around here that do.Portions are small so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.  The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.If you live in LA forget P F Chang's.  If you live in NYC I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh it's just about the best place around.When I lived in Los Angeles a year and a half ago P F Chang's was no great shakes one of millions of places with good but not outstanding stuff on the menu.Here in Pittsburgh it's the only Chinese place I've found that combines genuinely good service with quality food.  Not perhaps as good as what you can get in LA's top places but fantastic compared to its competition here.The Kung Pao chicken is particularly good with delicious fried chicken cubes and the usual hot sauce and chiles.  Chicken with lettuce wraps is good too.Their fried noodle dish with chicken whose name I have forgotten is addictive but has an odd sauce I don't quite like.  Still they get the friedness of the noodles right and there are precious few ... ahem ... no other restaurants around here that do.Portions are small so either plan to get an appetizer and an entree or expect to leave almost as hungry as you came.  The minced chicken in lettuce wraps appetizer is outstanding and you get about the same amount of food as in one of their entrees.If you live in LA forget P F Chang's.  If you live in NYC I'm sure there are a dozen better places on a single block.  But here in Pittsburgh it's just about the best place around.