It had been a very very long time since I'd visited Quiet Storm. For some weird reason I had in my head that they made these awesome smoothies. Well... they do not. But they make milkshakes. Any other day I would have totes been into the shake but...I reeeeeally wanted a smoothie so I opted out of the milkshake (I know a rare occasion) and went with a iced chai. I love that they make their own mix of chai and they also don't sweeten it so you can sweeten it yourself. Super sweet chai is super gross. Just sayin'. I also ordered the Sesame Noodle Platter (noodles soy tofu red cabbage mushrooms broccoli onions peppers) with a ginger carrot salad. It was a solid meal. I mean it wasn't necessarily a platter (I think a variety of separate items) but a noodle dish. I liked that there was a decent amount of veggies and not just a few with a massive amount of noodles. I hate when that happens! It was also lightly sauced not too heavy and sticky. Plus the fried tofu was awesome! Honestly I've never had such good tofu before. I rarely get it because I think tofu can be so bland but this was bomb! A nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. Free WiFi and nice big tables to work on. Plus throw in friendly service and it's a win!It had been a very very long time since I'd visited Quiet Storm. For some weird reason I had in my head that they made these awesome smoothies. Well... they do not. But they make milkshakes. Any other day I would have totes been into the shake but...I reeeeeally wanted a smoothie so I opted out of the milkshake (I know a rare occasion) and went with a iced chai. I love that they make their own mix of chai and they also don't sweeten it so you can sweeten it yourself. Super sweet chai is super gross. Just sayin'. I also ordered the Sesame Noodle Platter (noodles soy tofu red cabbage mushrooms broccoli onions peppers) with a ginger carrot salad. It was a solid meal. I mean it wasn't necessarily a platter (I think a variety of separate items) but a noodle dish. I liked that there was a decent amount of veggies and not just a few with a massive amount of noodles. I hate when that happens! It was also lightly sauced not too heavy and sticky. Plus the fried tofu was awesome! Honestly I've never had such good tofu before. I rarely get it because I think tofu can be so bland but this was bomb! A nice plus is it's a great environment to eat and work. Free WiFi and nice big tables to work on. Plus throw in friendly service and it's a win!