Well this visit started off good. I was seated right away no wait. Was given a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza but with no onions. Now after we ordered it just went downhill from there. Was never asked if I wanted another beer the waitress just gave me more water. My pizza still had onions in it. Which I stated right off the bat that I didn't blame the girl who took my order. I know cooks can't read. I was one for many years. Mistakes happen and the manger took care of it and took the item off my bill. NO complaints still ate the food and it was good. Just not a fan of onions on my pizza. Now onto the bill the server continues to tell me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to add onions. I already said it was taking care of and there's no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday and if I felt like leaving all my money as a tip it wouldn't go unnoticed. I took this as a joke as I had told her earlier I worked in the industry. When I hand over the gift card I had on hand she comes back and again repeats herself tells me that cash as a tip is preferred as she doesn't have to claim it at the end of the night. And again if I felt like leaving her all my money she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully I am very clear on it. No server and I mean NO server anywhere should ever ask a guest or customer for a tip yet alone do it twice! So out of kindness which I shouldn't have left anything by this point. I left a nice tip for the cost of what food I did  have to pay for.Bottom line the food was good for the price but the service from this one person as I don't know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible.Well this visit started off good. I was seated right away no wait. Was given a good beer selection of some PA Craft beers. Ordered the traditional deep dish pizza but with no onions. Now after we ordered it just went downhill from there. Was never asked if I wanted another beer the waitress just gave me more water. My pizza still had onions in it. Which I stated right off the bat that I didn't blame the girl who took my order. I know cooks can't read. I was one for many years. Mistakes happen and the manger took care of it and took the item off my bill. NO complaints still ate the food and it was good. Just not a fan of onions on my pizza. Now onto the bill the server continues to tell me that she was sorry for the mistake and declares she told the cooks not to add onions. I already said it was taking care of and there's no worries. She goes on to say that the next day was her birthday and if I felt like leaving all my money as a tip it wouldn't go unnoticed. I took this as a joke as I had told her earlier I worked in the industry. When I hand over the gift card I had on hand she comes back and again repeats herself tells me that cash as a tip is preferred as she doesn't have to claim it at the end of the night. And again if I felt like leaving her all my money she would just be so freaking happy. Let me explain one thing and hopefully I am very clear on it. No server and I mean NO server anywhere should ever ask a guest or customer for a tip yet alone do it twice! So out of kindness which I shouldn't have left anything by this point. I left a nice tip for the cost of what food I did  have to pay for.Bottom line the food was good for the price but the service from this one person as I don't know how the rest of the servers are. Was just horrible.