All in favor of a deep dish pizza say I!.......IIIIIII  ok now that i have that out of my system. This place is such a great hangout/eat-in spot. I hadn't been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening. I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.We arrived on a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get a table which wasn't bad considering the crowd. We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza pasta appetizers seafood burgers salads and sandwiches. After ordering two mango lemonades that were wayyyyy over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten free which is tough but UNO's gave us a nice selection of dishes to choose from. Plus! They make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great. My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick which was nice but it had a little too much dressing on it. I didn't complain it still tasted great.I'm not into red meat so I tried to order a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef but the ran out of black bean and they couldn't get the chicken so i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with all the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but i couldn't get over the taste of the burger because it just didn't have any flavor. Very saddening. I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat. I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only a small amount. We came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms parmesan and a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or what?? I will probably always eat this pizza whenever I come. Only down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor!!All in favor of a deep dish pizza say I!.......IIIIIII  ok now that i have that out of my system. This place is such a great hangout/eat-in spot. I hadn't been here and years and some friends invited us out for the evening. I was so glad they were paying cause  I was low on funds at the time.We arrived on a friday night and of course it was busy there. We waited about 10 minutes to get a table which wasn't bad considering the crowd. We looked over the menu and they have so many great choices. Pizza pasta appetizers seafood burgers salads and sandwiches. After ordering two mango lemonades that were wayyyyy over sweetened we ordered our food. We both are going gluten free which is tough but UNO's gave us a nice selection of dishes to choose from. Plus! They make a thin crust gluten free pizza which taste great. My hubby ordered the mediterrean thin crust because he loves kalamata olives and I ordered the Guac-alicious burger with a Caesar side salad. My salad came out pretty quick which was nice but it had a little too much dressing on it. I didn't complain it still tasted great.I'm not into red meat so I tried to order a black bean burger or get chicken instead of beef but the ran out of black bean and they couldn't get the chicken so i just ordered it anyway. The burger was piled really high with all the toppings including guacamole and it was very creamy but i couldn't get over the taste of the burger because it just didn't have any flavor. Very saddening. I ended up just eating the veggies and discarding the meat. I snacked on some of my hubbies pizza even though it was only a small amount. We came here twice in one week. The second time we ordered the 9-grain deep dish with mushrooms parmesan and a garlic white sauce. Was this pizza amazing or what?? I will probably always eat this pizza whenever I come. Only down side is slow service. It took 20 minutes for our pizza to come out and my hubbies was a little over cooked. He got the numero uno which was ok but mine had way more flavor!!