I stopped by here two nights ago as part of a night where I would try three different pizzas in the Bellevue/Avalon area.  I called my order in for an XL pizza ahead of time and was told that I would have a 15 minute wait until it was ready.  Since I only had a general idea of where it was located I ended up parking near it trying to locate it and then driving past it before finally locating it in a small strip mall right next to Lincoln Ave.  There isn't too much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have a counter up front with a little bit of room to wait and no customer seating not that this is a bad thing.Pizzas in general can be broken down into three separate components: cheese crust and sauce.  This pizza actually had the least amount of cheese on it of all of the pizzas that we tried but ended up being my favorite which would be surprsing if you know me.  The cheese was not that strong in flavor but the amount of it let it pair perfectly with the sauce which had a nice spice profile (strong on the garlic and maybe some oregano?) coming through it.  The crust on this pizza was the thinnest of the bunch that we tried and was cooked nicely which also had a little crisp which I loved.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back to R & B's again in the future for pizza.  It was easily the most expensive of the bunch that I bought last night at $12.79 after tax for an XL but as the old adage goes You get what you pay for and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza.I stopped by here two nights ago as part of a night where I would try three different pizzas in the Bellevue/Avalon area.  I called my order in for an XL pizza ahead of time and was told that I would have a 15 minute wait until it was ready.  Since I only had a general idea of where it was located I ended up parking near it trying to locate it and then driving past it before finally locating it in a small strip mall right next to Lincoln Ave.  There isn't too much to say about the inside of this pizza place except that they have a counter up front with a little bit of room to wait and no customer seating not that this is a bad thing.Pizzas in general can be broken down into three separate components: cheese crust and sauce.  This pizza actually had the least amount of cheese on it of all of the pizzas that we tried but ended up being my favorite which would be surprsing if you know me.  The cheese was not that strong in flavor but the amount of it let it pair perfectly with the sauce which had a nice spice profile (strong on the garlic and maybe some oregano?) coming through it.  The crust on this pizza was the thinnest of the bunch that we tried and was cooked nicely which also had a little crisp which I loved.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back to R & B's again in the future for pizza.  It was easily the most expensive of the bunch that I bought last night at $12.79 after tax for an XL but as the old adage goes You get what you pay for and if you like garlic then you should like this pizza.