I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did! My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night. We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area. It was a great night to be outside. Although the restuarant is small the ambiance is wonderful. I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.The table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options. We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer. I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears walnuts and goat cheese. The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette. For my entree I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni. The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected. I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu. Luckily I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level. It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day. My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved. For dessert I orderedthe peach mille feuille. The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty. However the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone. I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors. Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well. Overall I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice romantic date night out in Point Breeze. However I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.I decided to try Pino's due to the restaurant week special and boy am I glad that I did! My husband and I made reservations for four on Friday night. We were seated almost immediately on the lovely outdoor patio area. It was a great night to be outside. Although the restuarant is small the ambiance is wonderful. I could tell thet the guests around me were enjoying themselves as well.The table decided to order the 3 course menu for 30$ because of the large amount of options. We each decided on a different entree so that we were able to share and get a good idea of all the restaurant has to offer. I started off with a mixed green salad with grileld pears walnuts and goat cheese. The pears had a nice smokeyness about them that complimented the sweet vinagarette. For my entree I chose the Arrabiata with rigatoni. The dish was very good but much more spicy than I had expected. I feel that they should have informed me of this or explained the spice level on the menu. Luckily I enjoy spicy food but I was unable to finish the entree due to the spice level. It was slightly less spicy when I finished it for lunch the next day. My husband had the veal and risotto which he loved. For dessert I orderedthe peach mille feuille. The portion size was enormous and the peaches were ripe and tasty. However the marscapone filling hardly tasted of marscapone. I had the opportunity to try my husband's white chocolate tiramisu and was pleasantly surprised by the light but still rich flavors. Our dinner guests also seemed to enjoy their choices as well. Overall I would definitely recommend Pino's for a nice romantic date night out in Point Breeze. However I wish they offered the 3 course menu as a regular feature.