Pizza is a staple for me. I love everything about crunch crust a nice rich tomato sauce and a thick layer of melted cheese. I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friends from car troubles Uno's was right there so we decided to try it out. Only a 30 minute wait for a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint the bar was loud and when they did blended drinks you had to pause your conversation because the blenders were so loud. Good news only happened twice!The four of us decided to order two pizzas the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market. I also ordered a Caesar salad because I needed more vegetables in my life.  The salad. It was a big salad that I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy it was vinegar based and had a little bit of a bite to it as Chris kept on saying. I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy but who am I to say.  The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like I requested. The main dishes came out about 10 minutes later. I do not know what I was expecting but the pizzas were not as large as I was imagining. Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But!!!! I was soon to see that even if they are a bit smaller they were filled to perfection. The Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions spinach SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES regular tomatoes eggplant pesto as a sauce and a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that I stole Chris' extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetness to the pizza that I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us! My eyes deceived me at first with the size! Then our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza? What sorcery is this? Matt the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed. This cookie came out in a really large bigger than our pizzas dish. It had three scoops of icecream on it with a pile of whipped cream. WARM right out of the oven fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens it was good. I am glad that I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness. Chicago Pizza I would absolutly try again.Pizza is a staple for me. I love everything about crunch crust a nice rich tomato sauce and a thick layer of melted cheese. I have never tried Chicago style pizza before and when we had to rescue our friends from car troubles Uno's was right there so we decided to try it out. Only a 30 minute wait for a Saturday is pretty good for any restaurant in the Waterfront. We were seated at a booth in the bar area. The tables were clean and it was a big booth so the four of us were not squished. Only complaint the bar was loud and when they did blended drinks you had to pause your conversation because the blenders were so loud. Good news only happened twice!The four of us decided to order two pizzas the Pepperoni and the Farmers Market. I also ordered a Caesar salad because I needed more vegetables in my life.  The salad. It was a big salad that I shared with my boyfriend. The croutons were huge and very crunchy. The Caesar dressing was not creamy it was vinegar based and had a little bit of a bite to it as Chris kept on saying. I thought the bite had more to do with the vinegar than anything spicy but who am I to say.  The lettuce was fresh and crunchy and they even added tomatoes like I requested. The main dishes came out about 10 minutes later. I do not know what I was expecting but the pizzas were not as large as I was imagining. Two of the larger pizzas looked like personal pizzas to me. But!!!! I was soon to see that even if they are a bit smaller they were filled to perfection. The Farmers Market pizza had caramelized onions spinach SUN DRIED AMAZING TOMATOES regular tomatoes eggplant pesto as a sauce and a blend of cheeses. The crust was perfection being so crisp and light that I stole Chris' extra from his plate. The sun dried tomatoes were great adding just enough sweetness to the pizza that I went looking for the slices with the most on them. It was a really really good pizza. We even ended up taking slices home with us! My eyes deceived me at first with the size! Then our friends told us that we had to try the cookie pizza. Cookie pizza? What sorcery is this? Matt the one who suggested it said that we would not be disappointed. This cookie came out in a really large bigger than our pizzas dish. It had three scoops of icecream on it with a pile of whipped cream. WARM right out of the oven fresh cookie pizza. Oh sweet heavens it was good. I am glad that I had enough room in my stomach to pile in that sweet goodness. Chicago Pizza I would absolutly try again.