Every time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n'cheese as a side. They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic! I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb. The beers on tap are always great. My newest favorite is the First! Pumpkin Ale. One thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating. The food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush. I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm. We got at the restaurant around 7:30 ordered drinks ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas. It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.My only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask. Medium often turns into medium well but that's not a huge problem for me. I also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9 but that's more of a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is a small chain. Overall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!Every time I've been here the food has always been delicious and the service has always been very exceptional. My go to is the Laredo burger and the Mac n'cheese as a side. They Mac n' cheese is absolutely wonderful if you like garlic! I've had a few other menu options as well that have been superb. The beers on tap are always great. My newest favorite is the First! Pumpkin Ale. One thing I really appreciate about Rock Bottom is that they aren't one of these restaurants that try to rush you out when you're done eating. The food comes out fast (which is great when you're starving!) but if you want to stay an visit with your date or eating companions there's never any rush. I was just at Rock Bottom last night meeting friends for a movie that didn't start until 11pm. We got at the restaurant around 7:30 ordered drinks ate and had a few more drinks and then just hung out for about a half hour until it was time to Walk over to the cinemas. It was nice not feeling rushed to leave as soon as we stopped ordering.My only complaints are that sometimes meat ends up being cooked a little more than you often ask. Medium often turns into medium well but that's not a huge problem for me. I also don't think the signature cocktails are worth $9 but that's more of a corporate complaint since Rock Bottom is a small chain. Overall I definitely recommend eating here if you're in the Waterfront!