I would take advantage of All you can eat wings on Wednesday. We went on a regular oll Sunday night and even though the wings were tasty my frugal self would've rather had AYCE. We tried a variety of sauces (we ordered 20 wings and every 5 can be a different flavor) The Buffalo Blues sauce was ok. It was just their signature bbq sauce. WE also tried garlic parm honey teriyaki & gold rush. All were ok. The boozy buffalo is a good drink. It consist of smirnoff orange tanquery jose cuervo captain triple sec OJ fresh squeezed lemon and a splash of Coke. I seriously felt fabulous after one. It's served in a mason jar. ($12)Lauren was a nice server even though the table in front of us put her through some bs-- they ate all of their food then complained to the server and asked for the manager complaining that what they got it wasn't what they ordered... no idea why they waited until every scrap of food was gone to complain but you know you'll have that. kudos to Lauren for keeping a smile on her face.I would take advantage of All you can eat wings on Wednesday. We went on a regular oll Sunday night and even though the wings were tasty my frugal self would've rather had AYCE. We tried a variety of sauces (we ordered 20 wings and every 5 can be a different flavor) The Buffalo Blues sauce was ok. It was just their signature bbq sauce. WE also tried garlic parm honey teriyaki & gold rush. All were ok. The boozy buffalo is a good drink. It consist of smirnoff orange tanquery jose cuervo captain triple sec OJ fresh squeezed lemon and a splash of Coke. I seriously felt fabulous after one. It's served in a mason jar. ($12)Lauren was a nice server even though the table in front of us put her through some bs-- they ate all of their food then complained to the server and asked for the manager complaining that what they got it wasn't what they ordered... no idea why they waited until every scrap of food was gone to complain but you know you'll have that. kudos to Lauren for keeping a smile on her face.