This use to be my go to Panera Bread.  When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.  My waist also appreciated it.  Those scones are delicious.I recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.  With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.  Not knowing nor doing my homework before I showed up I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.  Not knowing the answer herself she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.  Yes it's true it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.  But it is much better tasting.This use to be my go to Panera Bread.  When I worked in the area I would stop here before work to grab my breakfast and then stop to get my lunch as well.  I was happy when I left the area and moved on to bigger and better things.  My waist also appreciated it.  Those scones are delicious.I recently stopped back here when I was shopping and was pleasantly surprised.  With all my new allergies I came in here hoping to get some bread.  Not knowing nor doing my homework before I showed up I asked the manager if one particular bread had corn syrup in it or not.  Not knowing the answer herself she was kind enough to pull out a binder that contained all of their recipes ingredients included.  After looking through it for a few minutes I was able to select the bread I wanted.  They will sliced the bread thick or thin for you there right now.  If you would rather slice yourself I am sure they will wrap it up and you can go on your way.  Yes it's true it may be a bit more expensive than your cheap bread on the grocery store shelf.  But it is much better tasting.