Note: Tasty has a credit card minimum of $10 and has a parking lotTasty is another standard chinese takeout place - it didn't blow my mind but overall it was good especially considering the price. Before I continue I will come out and say that all of the food was a little tough - the eggroll especially(As was warned) -  and the rice had some dark spots(I assume it was from the bottom of the cooking vessel).  However I will chalk some of it up to my mistake because I thought they closed a half hour later  than they did and consequently ordered about 10 minutes before they closed. So Tasty you get a pass on the riceAnyhow I ordered a vegetable eggroll($1.50) and general tso's tofu($8.25)(I've learned to accept my guilty pleasure). I ordered the general tso's extra spicy - it was not. Also the tofu was in very large chunks which has seemed to be my luck lately. I want surface area and I don't want to have to figure out how to cut my food with chopsticks. I will say though that the sauce was very tasty - enough to seal the deal for a future order at this place.The eggroll as I said was tough.. It tasted good but it was tough and small... This probably won't be in my future order however with the $10 minimum I do need to order something else with my tofu... I hope the soup is good.The lady behind the counter was friendly and was decent on the phone and didn't once mention that they were closing so close to when I ordered. Portion size was good for the $10.44 it cost me I'll definitely be able to make a lunch out of what is left.Note: Tasty has a credit card minimum of $10 and has a parking lotTasty is another standard chinese takeout place - it didn't blow my mind but overall it was good especially considering the price. Before I continue I will come out and say that all of the food was a little tough - the eggroll especially(As was warned) -  and the rice had some dark spots(I assume it was from the bottom of the cooking vessel).  However I will chalk some of it up to my mistake because I thought they closed a half hour later  than they did and consequently ordered about 10 minutes before they closed. So Tasty you get a pass on the riceAnyhow I ordered a vegetable eggroll($1.50) and general tso's tofu($8.25)(I've learned to accept my guilty pleasure). I ordered the general tso's extra spicy - it was not. Also the tofu was in very large chunks which has seemed to be my luck lately. I want surface area and I don't want to have to figure out how to cut my food with chopsticks. I will say though that the sauce was very tasty - enough to seal the deal for a future order at this place.The eggroll as I said was tough.. It tasted good but it was tough and small... This probably won't be in my future order however with the $10 minimum I do need to order something else with my tofu... I hope the soup is good.The lady behind the counter was friendly and was decent on the phone and didn't once mention that they were closing so close to when I ordered. Portion size was good for the $10.44 it cost me I'll definitely be able to make a lunch out of what is left.