So I went on a marathon 2 hour bike ride right before heading to Enrico's for the first time and on my last mile all I could think was iced caffe mocha iced caffe mocha over and over again.  Did I mention that I forgot my water bottle on my ride too?  I was a desperate woman at the end of that one.So I got home aired myself out and drove myself to Enrico's since a previous yelper mentioned she had the best iced caffe mocha there.  There was easy street parking right out front and I really liked that it was nestled in the middle of a neighborhood and not a loud crowded street.  Tables are large enough for good work space and folks had their laptops out inside enjoying the free wifi while the tables outside were filled with friends.So why the 3 stars?  Well the iced caffe mocha was a bit subpar.  The syrup was all at the bottom leaving my first couple sips very watery.  Could have been a better mix.  Would I give this another try?  Sure but I definitely will ask for a nice hard shake of my iced caffe mocha before taking a swig.The coffee place at the Walnut Mall in Shadyside is still my favorite for the iced coffee of the year award.  Try the iced OR blended ghiradelli mocha when you are shopping Shady-style - AWESOME!So I went on a marathon 2 hour bike ride right before heading to Enrico's for the first time and on my last mile all I could think was iced caffe mocha iced caffe mocha over and over again.  Did I mention that I forgot my water bottle on my ride too?  I was a desperate woman at the end of that one.So I got home aired myself out and drove myself to Enrico's since a previous yelper mentioned she had the best iced caffe mocha there.  There was easy street parking right out front and I really liked that it was nestled in the middle of a neighborhood and not a loud crowded street.  Tables are large enough for good work space and folks had their laptops out inside enjoying the free wifi while the tables outside were filled with friends.So why the 3 stars?  Well the iced caffe mocha was a bit subpar.  The syrup was all at the bottom leaving my first couple sips very watery.  Could have been a better mix.  Would I give this another try?  Sure but I definitely will ask for a nice hard shake of my iced caffe mocha before taking a swig.The coffee place at the Walnut Mall in Shadyside is still my favorite for the iced coffee of the year award.  Try the iced OR blended ghiradelli mocha when you are shopping Shady-style - AWESOME!