Let me preface this by saying that my understanding of goulash came from what my mom called goulash.  Goulash in the Contrucci household was made of elbow noodles beef and spaghetti sauce.  I guess you can't believe everything your parents tell you right?  So going in here I was thinking great...mom's goulash!  What was set in front me looked NOTHING like what I was used to.  It was a mish mosh of veggiesnoodles gravy and some random unidentifiable food items.  I usually eat whatever is put in front of me so I wasn't scared to dive it.  Sadly I just didn't like it.  I thought it was actually not very appetizing at all.  I know I know this is like world famous goulash but I was NOT into it!  What I was into was the German Potato Salad.  I love it and honestly I feel like I never get the same version of it anywhere in the Burgh.  This was a no frills version with scallop sliced potatoes and a thick vinegar sauce.  Maybe a bit too much but not enough for me to eat it all!  Would I go back? If someone else really wanted to go there but I wouldn't suggest it nor would I go on my own.  Oh well on to the next one right?Let me preface this by saying that my understanding of goulash came from what my mom called goulash.  Goulash in the Contrucci household was made of elbow noodles beef and spaghetti sauce.  I guess you can't believe everything your parents tell you right?  So going in here I was thinking great...mom's goulash!  What was set in front me looked NOTHING like what I was used to.  It was a mish mosh of veggiesnoodles gravy and some random unidentifiable food items.  I usually eat whatever is put in front of me so I wasn't scared to dive it.  Sadly I just didn't like it.  I thought it was actually not very appetizing at all.  I know I know this is like world famous goulash but I was NOT into it!  What I was into was the German Potato Salad.  I love it and honestly I feel like I never get the same version of it anywhere in the Burgh.  This was a no frills version with scallop sliced potatoes and a thick vinegar sauce.  Maybe a bit too much but not enough for me to eat it all!  Would I go back? If someone else really wanted to go there but I wouldn't suggest it nor would I go on my own.  Oh well on to the next one right?