Boy do I have a few things to say about this place.  We had a large group before a theater show and I was excited to try a new place.  It's conveniently located for all downtown events.  They also have happy hour which is always nice.  Our large group was seated in a back room with two waiters.  One had about 40 years working there the other had 2 months.  I got the one with 2 months go figure.I'm on a budget right now and pretty healthy so I planned ahead to get a caesar salad.  I decided at the time to add shrimp (quoted on the menu as $2.50) and get a side of vegetables.  Now the waiter said a lot of the dishes came with vegetables.  So I can order a side of them right?  WRONG.  After I ordered the waiter came back twice.  Once to tell me that they couldn't do the veggies.  Uh what?  The second time to ask me how many shrimp I wanted.  hmm.  And he never refilled my water or asked if I wanted a drink.So our food comes out and my salad is LEAVES and DRESSING.  Period.  The End.  Oh with 3 pitiful shrimp on top.  That's it.  There was the powder parmesan on the table which I added myself.  So now I have 3 half broken unseasoned boiled shrimp with tails lettuce and dressing.  Actually everyone's food looked rather 'sad'.  Oh but wait until I got my bill!!!My lettuce 3 pitiful shrimp and self added powder parmesan was $18!!!!  The shrimp were $2.50 A PIECE.  For real real.  I wanted to throw down.  I could have had the salmon platter plus pasta for that.  What a rip off and so much for my budget.  We had a big group but  my bill didn't have the tip added.  I was not happy with our idiot novice server so my tip would have been small.  Well he brought me the credit card receipt and wrote in a tip himself.  Get me out of here!  Oh and because we were a 'group' they wouldn't accept one woman's coupon.  Weird.The place is cool.  It's an old brothel and it's fun to look around.  But the upstairs is about 40 degrees colder than the downstairs.  The place is dated but I liked it.  Intimate and creeky.  But jeez go just for happy hour or a drink.  Don't put yourself through the misery and expense of what they call dinner.Boy do I have a few things to say about this place.  We had a large group before a theater show and I was excited to try a new place.  It's conveniently located for all downtown events.  They also have happy hour which is always nice.  Our large group was seated in a back room with two waiters.  One had about 40 years working there the other had 2 months.  I got the one with 2 months go figure.I'm on a budget right now and pretty healthy so I planned ahead to get a caesar salad.  I decided at the time to add shrimp (quoted on the menu as $2.50) and get a side of vegetables.  Now the waiter said a lot of the dishes came with vegetables.  So I can order a side of them right?  WRONG.  After I ordered the waiter came back twice.  Once to tell me that they couldn't do the veggies.  Uh what?  The second time to ask me how many shrimp I wanted.  hmm.  And he never refilled my water or asked if I wanted a drink.So our food comes out and my salad is LEAVES and DRESSING.  Period.  The End.  Oh with 3 pitiful shrimp on top.  That's it.  There was the powder parmesan on the table which I added myself.  So now I have 3 half broken unseasoned boiled shrimp with tails lettuce and dressing.  Actually everyone's food looked rather 'sad'.  Oh but wait until I got my bill!!!My lettuce 3 pitiful shrimp and self added powder parmesan was $18!!!!  The shrimp were $2.50 A PIECE.  For real real.  I wanted to throw down.  I could have had the salmon platter plus pasta for that.  What a rip off and so much for my budget.  We had a big group but  my bill didn't have the tip added.  I was not happy with our idiot novice server so my tip would have been small.  Well he brought me the credit card receipt and wrote in a tip himself.  Get me out of here!  Oh and because we were a 'group' they wouldn't accept one woman's coupon.  Weird.The place is cool.  It's an old brothel and it's fun to look around.  But the upstairs is about 40 degrees colder than the downstairs.  The place is dated but I liked it.  Intimate and creeky.  But jeez go just for happy hour or a drink.  Don't put yourself through the misery and expense of what they call dinner.