BEFORE Pino's was renovated it was a tiny unpretentious hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB which I love. This was our go-to restaurant.AFTER Pino's was renovated there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice It's no longer a BYOB and the staff is full of attitude which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.On our most recent visit we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25 and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d' and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally around 8:30 PM the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.The food is still good here but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area with owners/chefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.BEFORE Pino's was renovated it was a tiny unpretentious hole-in-the-wall restaurant with a friendly atmosphere and amazing Italian food. It was also a BYOB which I love. This was our go-to restaurant.AFTER Pino's was renovated there was a complete transformation. While the interior is now very nice It's no longer a BYOB and the staff is full of attitude which seems to stem from the total arrogance of Pino himself.On our most recent visit we were a party of four with reservations at 7:30 PM. We arrived at 7:25 and weren't even acknowledged until 7:40 PM. Pino was playing maitre d' and when he finally acknowledged our presence he seemed totally clueless and was overtly UN-apologetic. There were no open tables despite having reservations. When 8:00 PM rolled around I was frantically calling other local restaurants to see if we could get in. No such luck since it was prime dining time on Saturday night. Finally around 8:30 PM the waitstaff brought a two person table up from the basement crowded four chairs around it and jammed it into the middle of the restaurant for us to sit in. Pino then literally threw our menu's at us and walked away. Not so much as a free drink for our inconvenience.The food is still good here but I refuse to give my money to someone who CLEARLY does not appreciate your business. There are SO many good restaurants in the area with owners/chefs who are happy to have you. Next time you think about going here walk an extra block to the Point Brugge Cafe.