This was the first time my husband and I have been here. We went with my sister-in-law her boyfriend and his sister as it is a tradition to go around Christmas for the boyfriend's family. Well we were not impressed at all. Even the bf wasn't happy this time. We didnt have the best waitress as she would run off too quickly.for us to say much and we thought forgot about us the drinks took so long. She finally showed and said she had dropped them and had to make them again. We ordered and the wait wasn't too terribly bad for the food being a Saturday night in Pittsburgh though it was after 7 when we arrived. I didn't care much for.the garlicky butter that came with the sourdough but the bread was hot and fresh.A balloon artist came around and made a flamingo that had to be 4 feet tall for the bf's sister and a little penguin for the SIL. He later came back unasked and gave her a 2 ft penguin with a hockey stick and puck in its hands'. We finally got our soup which did take a while to come out. Three of.us had the wedding soup and none of us liked it. The SIL's bf said it didn't even taste like wedding soup but like chicken soup with meatballs. Granted I've been a little stuffy lately but the broth barely tasted like wedding soup broth to me either.I had the fettucine alfredo which was ok. I ate more of it than I might have were I not eating for two right now.  I added pepper because it was rather plain...not even a garnish. My husband said his spaghetti and meatballs was just ok. The bf had ordered an Italian Margarita I believe it was called and drank the first one though it wasn't mixed right as you could taste the tequila and there was no salt. He even added sugar trying to improve it. The second he gave back and the waitress didn't even apologize or take it off the bill. She went into the kitchen and started complaining loudly and our table was near the kitchen. Then she shows up with the check and we had to wait for her to come back to split it 3 ways since there was 2 couples and one other at the table. The bad drink was still there and my SIL was thoroughly pissed by then and went to talk to the manager and told him about overhearing her and all he did was take the one drink off. I noticed while reading our check that the entrees were correct but that she had us as having a salad and minestrone when we both had wedding soup. I didn't say anything since the price was the same.The balloons artist was great but we won't be going back just to see him.This was the first time my husband and I have been here. We went with my sister-in-law her boyfriend and his sister as it is a tradition to go around Christmas for the boyfriend's family. Well we were not impressed at all. Even the bf wasn't happy this time. We didnt have the best waitress as she would run off too quickly.for us to say much and we thought forgot about us the drinks took so long. She finally showed and said she had dropped them and had to make them again. We ordered and the wait wasn't too terribly bad for the food being a Saturday night in Pittsburgh though it was after 7 when we arrived. I didn't care much for.the garlicky butter that came with the sourdough but the bread was hot and fresh.A balloon artist came around and made a flamingo that had to be 4 feet tall for the bf's sister and a little penguin for the SIL. He later came back unasked and gave her a 2 ft penguin with a hockey stick and puck in its hands'. We finally got our soup which did take a while to come out. Three of.us had the wedding soup and none of us liked it. The SIL's bf said it didn't even taste like wedding soup but like chicken soup with meatballs. Granted I've been a little stuffy lately but the broth barely tasted like wedding soup broth to me either.I had the fettucine alfredo which was ok. I ate more of it than I might have were I not eating for two right now.  I added pepper because it was rather plain...not even a garnish. My husband said his spaghetti and meatballs was just ok. The bf had ordered an Italian Margarita I believe it was called and drank the first one though it wasn't mixed right as you could taste the tequila and there was no salt. He even added sugar trying to improve it. The second he gave back and the waitress didn't even apologize or take it off the bill. She went into the kitchen and started complaining loudly and our table was near the kitchen. Then she shows up with the check and we had to wait for her to come back to split it 3 ways since there was 2 couples and one other at the table. The bad drink was still there and my SIL was thoroughly pissed by then and went to talk to the manager and told him about overhearing her and all he did was take the one drink off. I noticed while reading our check that the entrees were correct but that she had us as having a salad and minestrone when we both had wedding soup. I didn't say anything since the price was the same.The balloons artist was great but we won't be going back just to see him.