NEVER AGAIN!!!! Horrible service and horrible food! It took 20 minutes for our waitress to even come to our table! Looking back on it I don't know why we didn't leave... maybe because we had to wait 20 minutes to even get a table (this was during the summer). We ordered the muscles to start off which were okay but definitely not something I would recommend. My husband ordered the fish and chips and I ordered the crab cakes.... EPIC FAIL!!! The crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and I had to switch meals. The crab cakes taste like fried mayo... I couldn't even taste the crab! The fish and chips looked great but it didn't taste like anything! No seasoning at all! The waitress was so bad that when it came time to give us our check she was no where to be found. It took 15 minutes to actually get the check (keep in mind we already finished eating)... thank God we had cash! A complete waste of $40. Yes I remember exactly how much I spent even though it was months ago because I kept thinking how I could have spent that money in a better place! I could have got a mani & pedi... had some great sushi... the list goes on. lolNEVER AGAIN!!!! Horrible service and horrible food! It took 20 minutes for our waitress to even come to our table! Looking back on it I don't know why we didn't leave... maybe because we had to wait 20 minutes to even get a table (this was during the summer). We ordered the muscles to start off which were okay but definitely not something I would recommend. My husband ordered the fish and chips and I ordered the crab cakes.... EPIC FAIL!!! The crab cakes were so disgusting my husband and I had to switch meals. The crab cakes taste like fried mayo... I couldn't even taste the crab! The fish and chips looked great but it didn't taste like anything! No seasoning at all! The waitress was so bad that when it came time to give us our check she was no where to be found. It took 15 minutes to actually get the check (keep in mind we already finished eating)... thank God we had cash! A complete waste of $40. Yes I remember exactly how much I spent even though it was months ago because I kept thinking how I could have spent that money in a better place! I could have got a mani & pedi... had some great sushi... the list goes on. lol