Ok! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which side note is a great idea!It was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me. I stood there for about 5 minutes which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said Are you working? and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.In between that time the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B. I was just really turned off from that experience. The good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me. It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.Ok! Let me tell you about my bad experience first. I went to D&B last night for a post wedding party - which side note is a great idea!It was around midnight and the bar wasn't really populated. There were three bartenders and only one was actually making rounds to see if anyone needed anything. The two other bartenders were chatting on the far side of the bar that no one was sitting at. Kind of counter productive if you ask me. I stood there for about 5 minutes which for a busy bar is fine but when I am the only one with my card out then it just seems a little ridiculous. I made eye contact with the one girl twice and gave her a smile and she literally turned away. I finally had to walk to them to get their attention.  I was standing right in front of them smiling and they didn't ask if i need anything. I finally said Are you working? and they gave each other a weird look. I felt like i was the crazy one. I asked for a beer/got the beer.In between that time the other bartender brought food over and set it down. She took a fry from the plate (right in front of me) and then served it to someone on the other side of the bar. What the hell! I felt like i was in some grimy bar in out in the sticks - not an established D&B. I was just really turned off from that experience. The good is that D&B provides a different type of entertainment when you want to mix things up. I remember going here with my grandparents when I was a kid and it was the best treat ever! We would eat at the restaurant and then spend hours playing games. This place holds some really good memories for me. It's a shame that my experience last night has spoiled the high standards I held for it.