Woulda been a 1 star review if not for our cute & courteous waitress.That said: YUCK!   This was my second supremely dissapointing Primanti's experience in nearly a decade of living in this fine little city.  I guess the fascination with this place must be that it it 1. has a bar 2. you don't have to order a side of fries or coleslaw because it's all gonna be slathered on your sandwich.  Bleh!  On my first Primanti experience I ordered a corned beef sandwich as it shoud be no fries or coleslaw on it.  So I was served 2 slices of bread and about 1.5 slices of corned beef.  What a rip off.  2nd experience today equally as awful.  But as i said... waitstaff was great.  I ordered a Pitts-burger with coleslaw and fries on the side.  Seriously the quality of the burger I was served made 7-11 mini mart burgers seem gourmet.  I guess you really see what their overpriced crappy sandwiches are truly made of when you strip off the fries & coleslaw.  Their fries are also soggy and gross.  Not a whole lot goin' on here except for cutie/attentive waitresses.  If you want a decent GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience go to Peppi's.Woulda been a 1 star review if not for our cute & courteous waitress.That said: YUCK!   This was my second supremely dissapointing Primanti's experience in nearly a decade of living in this fine little city.  I guess the fascination with this place must be that it it 1. has a bar 2. you don't have to order a side of fries or coleslaw because it's all gonna be slathered on your sandwich.  Bleh!  On my first Primanti experience I ordered a corned beef sandwich as it shoud be no fries or coleslaw on it.  So I was served 2 slices of bread and about 1.5 slices of corned beef.  What a rip off.  2nd experience today equally as awful.  But as i said... waitstaff was great.  I ordered a Pitts-burger with coleslaw and fries on the side.  Seriously the quality of the burger I was served made 7-11 mini mart burgers seem gourmet.  I guess you really see what their overpriced crappy sandwiches are truly made of when you strip off the fries & coleslaw.  Their fries are also soggy and gross.  Not a whole lot goin' on here except for cutie/attentive waitresses.  If you want a decent GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience go to Peppi's.