GREAT POTENTIAL POOR EXECUTIONI gave this place a try on Wednesday night.  Thought it would be a fun place for some tapas and drinks with friends.  Took a ground of 7 friends with me.  The drinks were very good nice selection of Champagnes and beers.  My big issues stem from a very bad waiter and a menu that wasn't updated.I ordered the Charcuterie which included torchon foie gras and duck rillettes.  When it came out it had neither of the items I was excited about.  It had some spicy sausage and some prosciutto and fresh tuna salad (not a joke).  When I asked the waiter about it he had no apologies and just asked if I wanted him to take it away. (several stars off for that).  One of my friends ordered the Croque Monsieur (a fav of mine) which was ok but not quite good.  It seemed as if it was made by a staff member instead of a chef who knew what he was doing.  Another friend ordered the Pulled Pork Quesadilla which wasn't exactly as described in the menu either but not bad.The waiter came by several times to check on our drinks etc but twice he came over to the table with his arms crossed (a huge no-no with me.)  Plus the waiter asked for a card to run a tab for our table?  (even bigger turn off.)Overall I thought this place had great potential but its execution was way under par.  It could have been an off night but just not sure where there are huge issues like this.GREAT POTENTIAL POOR EXECUTIONI gave this place a try on Wednesday night.  Thought it would be a fun place for some tapas and drinks with friends.  Took a ground of 7 friends with me.  The drinks were very good nice selection of Champagnes and beers.  My big issues stem from a very bad waiter and a menu that wasn't updated.I ordered the Charcuterie which included torchon foie gras and duck rillettes.  When it came out it had neither of the items I was excited about.  It had some spicy sausage and some prosciutto and fresh tuna salad (not a joke).  When I asked the waiter about it he had no apologies and just asked if I wanted him to take it away. (several stars off for that).  One of my friends ordered the Croque Monsieur (a fav of mine) which was ok but not quite good.  It seemed as if it was made by a staff member instead of a chef who knew what he was doing.  Another friend ordered the Pulled Pork Quesadilla which wasn't exactly as described in the menu either but not bad.The waiter came by several times to check on our drinks etc but twice he came over to the table with his arms crossed (a huge no-no with me.)  Plus the waiter asked for a card to run a tab for our table?  (even bigger turn off.)Overall I thought this place had great potential but its execution was way under par.  It could have been an off night but just not sure where there are huge issues like this.