I don't give 2 stars that often but sorry Kim - you were a bitter disappointment. I was excited to have found a Sushi place in Pittsburgh in walking distance to my apartment. That excitement didn't last for too long when I entered the place on a Monday evening at 7pm realizing that I was the only one in a rather spacious restaurant.Fine I had a Sushi craving and couldn't care less. Until the Sushi arrived. I ordered my Spicy Tuna and Salmon rolls both came within 2 minutes. Strange? Maybe or just a super fast chef. Sadly the rolls were falling apart as soon as I looked at them and the Salmon even tasted... bad. I had to leave it on the plate which has never happened to me before.On the plus side the miso soup was okay and the service was very attentive which is not surprising if you're the only one in that place. As there are not too many Korean options in Pittsburgh I encourage you to try the Korean BBQ especially as the reviews for the Korean food at Kim's on Yelp are not that bad. But for the Sushi - forget it.I don't give 2 stars that often but sorry Kim - you were a bitter disappointment. I was excited to have found a Sushi place in Pittsburgh in walking distance to my apartment. That excitement didn't last for too long when I entered the place on a Monday evening at 7pm realizing that I was the only one in a rather spacious restaurant.Fine I had a Sushi craving and couldn't care less. Until the Sushi arrived. I ordered my Spicy Tuna and Salmon rolls both came within 2 minutes. Strange? Maybe or just a super fast chef. Sadly the rolls were falling apart as soon as I looked at them and the Salmon even tasted... bad. I had to leave it on the plate which has never happened to me before.On the plus side the miso soup was okay and the service was very attentive which is not surprising if you're the only one in that place. As there are not too many Korean options in Pittsburgh I encourage you to try the Korean BBQ especially as the reviews for the Korean food at Kim's on Yelp are not that bad. But for the Sushi - forget it.