I must be a glutton for punishment because I keep finding myself hungrily returning to the Quiet Storm. The menu has slightly changed and they are no longer cash only... This time it was the 8th Ward that inflicted extreme disappointment. Not sure what 8th Ward is supposed to mean but I will forever associate it with a dry boring place. And I thought we were getting a party platter! This appetizer sampler included THE WORST hummus evaar; I am near positive that they forgot to add garlic lemon salt and tahini to this chickpea paste that which was described as garlicky on the menu. Sooo wrong. The Butter another WTF of a name was also very dry and bland. The salsa was good! And there were plenty of dipping accessories too many really given the smallness of the unappetizing dip portions.At this point I've tried most of the vegan options QS has to offer and the only luck I've had has been with the B.Y.O.B. Go figure. I wouldn't care so much about how much of a tease this place is if I didn't REALLY desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction. And it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary (I shutter at even calling it that) mediocrity of the best vegetarian restaurant Pittsburgh has to offer.I must be a glutton for punishment because I keep finding myself hungrily returning to the Quiet Storm. The menu has slightly changed and they are no longer cash only... This time it was the 8th Ward that inflicted extreme disappointment. Not sure what 8th Ward is supposed to mean but I will forever associate it with a dry boring place. And I thought we were getting a party platter! This appetizer sampler included THE WORST hummus evaar; I am near positive that they forgot to add garlic lemon salt and tahini to this chickpea paste that which was described as garlicky on the menu. Sooo wrong. The Butter another WTF of a name was also very dry and bland. The salsa was good! And there were plenty of dipping accessories too many really given the smallness of the unappetizing dip portions.At this point I've tried most of the vegan options QS has to offer and the only luck I've had has been with the B.Y.O.B. Go figure. I wouldn't care so much about how much of a tease this place is if I didn't REALLY desire a comfortable neighborhood place to eat comfortable food with a comfortable view of a cute waitress who writes fiction. And it frustrates me that few others seem to recognize the culinary (I shutter at even calling it that) mediocrity of the best vegetarian restaurant Pittsburgh has to offer.