Visited with a party of 8 last weekend for a friend's birthday. We walked in the door and could see no apparent host stand so we tried the door next to the one we entered. This ended up leading to a private party. Can you say awkward?We went back in the main door clearly confused. The bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks (rude!). Not even sure how we discovered it but the host stand was in the BACK of the restaurant. How were we supposed to know this? We were seated and had to wait awhile for service.Finally the server came and took our drink orders and suggested a very strong drink for me. He was obviously trying to get me drunk (and succeeded). Caution: The Vesper is a strong *ss gin martini that is just okay. You pay 11 bucks to drink a shot of gin slowly from a fancy glass. He then took our order...and did not think to write any of the 8 requests down. Yep you guessed it. He screwed up our orders and bills then proceeded to be rude about the situation. The buffalo chicken dip is awesome but be prepared there is no chicken. We had one chunk in the two orders. The deep fried pita chips taste like donuts and are muy excellente. Also prepare yourself for bartenders squeezing caramel into glasses. The sound is reminiscent of flatulence. Over and over. So much flatulence. I was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner. The two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though.Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse.Visited with a party of 8 last weekend for a friend's birthday. We walked in the door and could see no apparent host stand so we tried the door next to the one we entered. This ended up leading to a private party. Can you say awkward?We went back in the main door clearly confused. The bartender looked at us but kept pouring drinks (rude!). Not even sure how we discovered it but the host stand was in the BACK of the restaurant. How were we supposed to know this? We were seated and had to wait awhile for service.Finally the server came and took our drink orders and suggested a very strong drink for me. He was obviously trying to get me drunk (and succeeded). Caution: The Vesper is a strong *ss gin martini that is just okay. You pay 11 bucks to drink a shot of gin slowly from a fancy glass. He then took our order...and did not think to write any of the 8 requests down. Yep you guessed it. He screwed up our orders and bills then proceeded to be rude about the situation. The buffalo chicken dip is awesome but be prepared there is no chicken. We had one chunk in the two orders. The deep fried pita chips taste like donuts and are muy excellente. Also prepare yourself for bartenders squeezing caramel into glasses. The sound is reminiscent of flatulence. Over and over. So much flatulence. I was too drunk and full of pita donuts to eat my dinner. The two bites of my pork belly sandwich were pretty alright though.Jesse from Bob Evans down the road is far superior to the condescending server here. We highly recommend Jesse.