Okay so I tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot. Unfortunately the second visit wasn't any better.I will start with the good. Service is pretty good.The place smells of smoke. Why? Because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant. This has to be a violation of the no smoking in dining areas in Pittsburgh. Gross. The floor (carpeted) is so old that it is sticky and worn down. Walking on it with shoes on disgusted me. The walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place. Please remodel! At least make me feel like the place is clean. If I feel like it is dirty in the dining hall I can't imagine it's clean in the kitchen.Now for the food. I am pretty picky about seafood. It needs to be fresh and cooked correctly. Don't get the Salmon or Tuna Steak. Tuna and Salmon should be easy to get right if you just season and cook it properly. Both tasted very fishy to me. Salmon that tastes overly fishy to me screams this fish is not fresh. Mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes. Don't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes. I get it you wanna have a mom and pop shop. But to do that you need to have great food.Overall I just don't think this place is good and don't want to go back.Okay so I tried this place twice before writing a review to give them a fair shot. Unfortunately the second visit wasn't any better.I will start with the good. Service is pretty good.The place smells of smoke. Why? Because you can smoke in the bar and there is an opening from the bar into the restaurant. This has to be a violation of the no smoking in dining areas in Pittsburgh. Gross. The floor (carpeted) is so old that it is sticky and worn down. Walking on it with shoes on disgusted me. The walls have wall paper torn off throughout the place. Please remodel! At least make me feel like the place is clean. If I feel like it is dirty in the dining hall I can't imagine it's clean in the kitchen.Now for the food. I am pretty picky about seafood. It needs to be fresh and cooked correctly. Don't get the Salmon or Tuna Steak. Tuna and Salmon should be easy to get right if you just season and cook it properly. Both tasted very fishy to me. Salmon that tastes overly fishy to me screams this fish is not fresh. Mashed potatoes are not made from real potatoes. Don't get them unless you are looking to eat boxed potatoes. I get it you wanna have a mom and pop shop. But to do that you need to have great food.Overall I just don't think this place is good and don't want to go back.