I just moved here back in September and one of the first places i was told to go for great food was Primanti Bros. The food was great as I was told from several people from the area and back home.What I was not happy with was the setting policy and service. Just to get a seat here I had to wait standing up watching people eat like a creepy stalker just to see who would get up first and finally when I got a seat no one cleaned our table for a while or even took our order cause no one even knew we had been seated. If we were bad people we could have stolen the check from the last table as they had paid with cash. Once we got a servers attention and got the table cleared and our drinks and food ordered the server forgot our drinks and when we where finally able to flag her down our food came out not even 5 minutes later. In total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food. Don't even think about getting a refill I had to walk in and ask the bartender for refills for me and my family after being ignored several times. When we were done we wanted to leave but couldn't till we paid the bill and because we paid with credit card we had to wait for the server to return with our card. It took so long and with other people looking at us to get the hell up so they could sit we just walked in to retrieve the card at was just sitting on the back of the bar and had not yet been processed so I had to wait again.Food can only get you so far so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway.I just moved here back in September and one of the first places i was told to go for great food was Primanti Bros. The food was great as I was told from several people from the area and back home.What I was not happy with was the setting policy and service. Just to get a seat here I had to wait standing up watching people eat like a creepy stalker just to see who would get up first and finally when I got a seat no one cleaned our table for a while or even took our order cause no one even knew we had been seated. If we were bad people we could have stolen the check from the last table as they had paid with cash. Once we got a servers attention and got the table cleared and our drinks and food ordered the server forgot our drinks and when we where finally able to flag her down our food came out not even 5 minutes later. In total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food. Don't even think about getting a refill I had to walk in and ask the bartender for refills for me and my family after being ignored several times. When we were done we wanted to leave but couldn't till we paid the bill and because we paid with credit card we had to wait for the server to return with our card. It took so long and with other people looking at us to get the hell up so they could sit we just walked in to retrieve the card at was just sitting on the back of the bar and had not yet been processed so I had to wait again.Food can only get you so far so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway.