I imagine that this is the restaurant that I would make if I were 20 years old and knew nothing about restaurants except dining in them and what looks and sounds cool.  In that it does some things right but none of the important things.  It has a decent sized shop with large windows and its bright so that's good.  They have good music but unfortunately we were seated right below one of what looked like two speakers in the place.  Its a large restaurant so in order to make it the right volume for people far away from the speaker it has to be too loud for the people close to the speaker.  I know the trade-offs of sound systems all too well.  If only there was a way to solve this problem like... just riffing here... more speakers at a lower volume?They had a greatest hits of the thrift store type of decor and the standard shitty artists selling their paintings like at every coffee house you've ever been to.  They include coffee/tea/juice/whatever in the price of the brunch because like everyone I hate choices too and I definitely wanted at least one of those.  I'm looking at the menu and its a vegan/veggie place so we're never going to be good friends but I'd like to think that there's something that looks halfway decent but it all looks awful.  There are two Tex-Mex-Ranchero breakfast dishes... that's at least one too many; and there's only like eight choices which sounds like plenty as a number but I assure you it was not enough here.I go with the Egg Frittata as my least bad option and it ends up tasting mostly flavorless but with a distinct stale note.  It comes with a salad that is not bad but who wants a salad for breakfast.  As we're leaving the waiter who's been fine the whole time asks us where we're from and my girlfriend answers D.C.  The waiter replies Oh I'm sorry about that.  Now neither of us is actually born in the D.C. area nor do I even particularly like living there.  So I'm not personally offended but I'm not sure if someone from or living in Pittsburgh has solid footing to talk the business about Washington D.C. or almost any other large city.  Its not like property values in Pittsburgh are indicating that everyone's clammoring to live there whereas in Washington D.C. they are.I was not enjoying the restaurant before that but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it.  If you're vegan and have literally no other options... then I guess you're going here.  If both of those conditions aren't true then go anywhere else.I imagine that this is the restaurant that I would make if I were 20 years old and knew nothing about restaurants except dining in them and what looks and sounds cool.  In that it does some things right but none of the important things.  It has a decent sized shop with large windows and its bright so that's good.  They have good music but unfortunately we were seated right below one of what looked like two speakers in the place.  Its a large restaurant so in order to make it the right volume for people far away from the speaker it has to be too loud for the people close to the speaker.  I know the trade-offs of sound systems all too well.  If only there was a way to solve this problem like... just riffing here... more speakers at a lower volume?They had a greatest hits of the thrift store type of decor and the standard shitty artists selling their paintings like at every coffee house you've ever been to.  They include coffee/tea/juice/whatever in the price of the brunch because like everyone I hate choices too and I definitely wanted at least one of those.  I'm looking at the menu and its a vegan/veggie place so we're never going to be good friends but I'd like to think that there's something that looks halfway decent but it all looks awful.  There are two Tex-Mex-Ranchero breakfast dishes... that's at least one too many; and there's only like eight choices which sounds like plenty as a number but I assure you it was not enough here.I go with the Egg Frittata as my least bad option and it ends up tasting mostly flavorless but with a distinct stale note.  It comes with a salad that is not bad but who wants a salad for breakfast.  As we're leaving the waiter who's been fine the whole time asks us where we're from and my girlfriend answers D.C.  The waiter replies Oh I'm sorry about that.  Now neither of us is actually born in the D.C. area nor do I even particularly like living there.  So I'm not personally offended but I'm not sure if someone from or living in Pittsburgh has solid footing to talk the business about Washington D.C. or almost any other large city.  Its not like property values in Pittsburgh are indicating that everyone's clammoring to live there whereas in Washington D.C. they are.I was not enjoying the restaurant before that but this kid actually threw me to straight up hating it.  If you're vegan and have literally no other options... then I guess you're going here.  If both of those conditions aren't true then go anywhere else.