I don't understand the hype for D's although I guess their beer selection *does* rule.  If selection drives your decision-making definitely head on over.  However if you'd like to receive anything other than slow resentful service from your waitstaff or food that is anything above sub-par head on by without stopping.  I've lived just down Forbes from D's for 3 yrs and walk down there with friends a lot during the summer and early fall.  I'm also a former bartender and waitress so I can say with experience and certainty that I've received just downright terrible service there about 80% of the times I've been.  Once a friend and I stopped in for lunch with her kids and ended up waiting for the check 18 minutes after we'd asked to receive it.  We were both fuming and the waitress just looked annoyed and kept ignoring us to chat with her buddy.  Another time my husband and I came in 15 minutes before the ordering deadline and watched as the waitress did not approach our table until exactly the cut-off time.  She proudly announced that we could no longer order food (we just wanted pretzels for god's sake).  Food is pretty lackluster although it's a nice touch that they have veggie dogs.  Upstairs expect about the same level of service with a douchy element of annoyed resentment from the bartender along with even douchy-ier clientele. I know D's is a favorite neighborhood place but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence I'd be forgiving but 3 years is long enough to judge.I don't understand the hype for D's although I guess their beer selection *does* rule.  If selection drives your decision-making definitely head on over.  However if you'd like to receive anything other than slow resentful service from your waitstaff or food that is anything above sub-par head on by without stopping.  I've lived just down Forbes from D's for 3 yrs and walk down there with friends a lot during the summer and early fall.  I'm also a former bartender and waitress so I can say with experience and certainty that I've received just downright terrible service there about 80% of the times I've been.  Once a friend and I stopped in for lunch with her kids and ended up waiting for the check 18 minutes after we'd asked to receive it.  We were both fuming and the waitress just looked annoyed and kept ignoring us to chat with her buddy.  Another time my husband and I came in 15 minutes before the ordering deadline and watched as the waitress did not approach our table until exactly the cut-off time.  She proudly announced that we could no longer order food (we just wanted pretzels for god's sake).  Food is pretty lackluster although it's a nice touch that they have veggie dogs.  Upstairs expect about the same level of service with a douchy element of annoyed resentment from the bartender along with even douchy-ier clientele. I know D's is a favorite neighborhood place but I'm tired of the abuse from waitstaff who look annoyed that I'm even there.  If this was just a once-in-a-while occurrence I'd be forgiving but 3 years is long enough to judge.