I have been here several times in the last year. The food is average...kind of fast-food-like. It sits in the warmer cases and looks crusty. The gyros are average not as good as the ones at the South Side gyro restaurant by any means.  The salads are from a bag of pre-chopped lettuce and not fresh or interesting. But in order to enjoy the average food you have to get past the really rude food wait staff.  The bartenders seem to be OK the clientele in the bar seem to be regulars and it is a cheap drink attraction to some downtown locals. The staff that serves the food and takes the orders are out of this world rude. There is one that wins the prize for insulting the customers and after having endured her I will never ever return. Owners should know how they are being represented at the front register. The man that cooks and plates the food is oblivious or just is used to hearing her speak to people with such a lack of respect that he is just deaf to it. Go somewhere else. It is cheap food and you get what you pay for. I would pay twice as much to feel like the staff gave a crap that I was there supporting their jobs.I have been here several times in the last year. The food is average...kind of fast-food-like. It sits in the warmer cases and looks crusty. The gyros are average not as good as the ones at the South Side gyro restaurant by any means.  The salads are from a bag of pre-chopped lettuce and not fresh or interesting. But in order to enjoy the average food you have to get past the really rude food wait staff.  The bartenders seem to be OK the clientele in the bar seem to be regulars and it is a cheap drink attraction to some downtown locals. The staff that serves the food and takes the orders are out of this world rude. There is one that wins the prize for insulting the customers and after having endured her I will never ever return. Owners should know how they are being represented at the front register. The man that cooks and plates the food is oblivious or just is used to hearing her speak to people with such a lack of respect that he is just deaf to it. Go somewhere else. It is cheap food and you get what you pay for. I would pay twice as much to feel like the staff gave a crap that I was there supporting their jobs.