I wanted to like it here... in fact I have in the past. We used to come here for college events and schedule ahead of time for a large group - then again this was always on weeknights... when they were slow... thank goodness. I always loved the food here (then again these dishes aren't anything scientific - they are basic - comfort food) and I thought the gigantic restaurant could handle large groups well... until I brought 10 people here for a birthday dinner on a Saturday. First of all we had reservations but still stood awkwardly in the waiting area for a while to be seated. Not terrible. Then we were seated - the server was flustered and irritated before we had a chance to speak. Long story short we waited 1.5 hours for our food (pasta... yes - the stuff you make at home for an entire family in 10 minutes) the waitress spent all her time coming to her table bashing the kitchen staff to us (not exactly professional) and the manager was no where to be seen. C'mon manager! It's your job to sail this ship - get it together. From my line of vision I could see about 7 servers running around like chickens with their heads cut off doing nothing but throwing the kitchen staff under the bus. Dear manager: if you have this many employees standing around doing nothing but complaining put a few of them to work in the kitchen. The place is cute and I really want to like it again but I probably won't return until the management learns how to... manage. True this isn't Capital Grill nor was I expecting 5-star service. In all honesty I'm from the middle-of-nowhere Ohio. I didn't even know what fine dining was until college. It's just that I've had better service at Arby's on a Friday at 12 noon when they have a line 20 people deep and cars wrapped around the building 3 times in the drive-thru. Saving grace: the sangria was good... thankfully because that's the only thing we consumed for 90 minutes while waiting on our luke-warm dinners to arrive.I wanted to like it here... in fact I have in the past. We used to come here for college events and schedule ahead of time for a large group - then again this was always on weeknights... when they were slow... thank goodness. I always loved the food here (then again these dishes aren't anything scientific - they are basic - comfort food) and I thought the gigantic restaurant could handle large groups well... until I brought 10 people here for a birthday dinner on a Saturday. First of all we had reservations but still stood awkwardly in the waiting area for a while to be seated. Not terrible. Then we were seated - the server was flustered and irritated before we had a chance to speak. Long story short we waited 1.5 hours for our food (pasta... yes - the stuff you make at home for an entire family in 10 minutes) the waitress spent all her time coming to her table bashing the kitchen staff to us (not exactly professional) and the manager was no where to be seen. C'mon manager! It's your job to sail this ship - get it together. From my line of vision I could see about 7 servers running around like chickens with their heads cut off doing nothing but throwing the kitchen staff under the bus. Dear manager: if you have this many employees standing around doing nothing but complaining put a few of them to work in the kitchen. The place is cute and I really want to like it again but I probably won't return until the management learns how to... manage. True this isn't Capital Grill nor was I expecting 5-star service. In all honesty I'm from the middle-of-nowhere Ohio. I didn't even know what fine dining was until college. It's just that I've had better service at Arby's on a Friday at 12 noon when they have a line 20 people deep and cars wrapped around the building 3 times in the drive-thru. Saving grace: the sangria was good... thankfully because that's the only thing we consumed for 90 minutes while waiting on our luke-warm dinners to arrive.