Mediocre  Food  Service and Atmosphere.Better to stay clear and save your money.  Judging from the empty tables the luster and joy of the Namaste we remembered is no longer.We experienced the following sub par  dishes while dining after 8 pm on a Friday evening in an empty restaurant:Bland reheated Samosas.Flavorless Malek Paneer. ( the cheese pcs were quite good despite)  inconsistent  and barely there flavors of certainly fresh frozen spinach mix. Barely reheated Naan. We traveled to eat at Namaste specifically based on delightful past experience. Obviously that feeling is long gone.  The staff  were content to chat with friends and answer frequent texts and cell phone calls while we ate. The loud thump of bass from modern indian music with the  electric din of the TV playing Bollywood extracts might have been a nice distraction in a busy restaurant.  Instead  when added to the ding of texts and cell phone calls the loud background noises detracted rather than added  anything to an already mediocre dining experience.Mediocre  Food  Service and Atmosphere.Better to stay clear and save your money.  Judging from the empty tables the luster and joy of the Namaste we remembered is no longer.We experienced the following sub par  dishes while dining after 8 pm on a Friday evening in an empty restaurant:Bland reheated Samosas.Flavorless Malek Paneer. ( the cheese pcs were quite good despite)  inconsistent  and barely there flavors of certainly fresh frozen spinach mix. Barely reheated Naan. We traveled to eat at Namaste specifically based on delightful past experience. Obviously that feeling is long gone.  The staff  were content to chat with friends and answer frequent texts and cell phone calls while we ate. The loud thump of bass from modern indian music with the  electric din of the TV playing Bollywood extracts might have been a nice distraction in a busy restaurant.  Instead  when added to the ding of texts and cell phone calls the loud background noises detracted rather than added  anything to an already mediocre dining experience.