During a recent roadtrip to Pittsburgh our party of three found ourselves tired and ready for something delicious for dinner with the caveat that it had to be walking distance from our hotel. We consulted Yelp and decided to try out Lidia's for dinner. The place is located on the fringes of the Strip and has nice clean feel to it. That's about as good as things got for me personally. The service was not very good. We were seated and ignored for about 15 minutes although the dining room was almost empty. A bread basket was placed on the table but the bread was not very good. Once our waiter did come (he looked like a Mafia Don) it took another 10 minutes to get our drinks. I ordered the grilled octopus on a bed of potatoes and an heirloom tomato salad both appetizers as my meal. The tomatoes were not ripe and unfortunately did not have enough acid of any kind on them so that flavor was quite bland. There was no salt or pepper on the table and no pepper was offered either. The octopus was bland but quite tender and fresh.My husband ordered the salmon which he thought was good but a bit overcooked overall -- nothing to write home about. The third person in our party ordered the pork porter house which was very tasty.Based on fellow Yelpers we ordered the strawberry pannacotta for desert but unfortunately they had none at 7:30! We settled for cookies and a tiramisu. We left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food.During a recent roadtrip to Pittsburgh our party of three found ourselves tired and ready for something delicious for dinner with the caveat that it had to be walking distance from our hotel. We consulted Yelp and decided to try out Lidia's for dinner. The place is located on the fringes of the Strip and has nice clean feel to it. That's about as good as things got for me personally. The service was not very good. We were seated and ignored for about 15 minutes although the dining room was almost empty. A bread basket was placed on the table but the bread was not very good. Once our waiter did come (he looked like a Mafia Don) it took another 10 minutes to get our drinks. I ordered the grilled octopus on a bed of potatoes and an heirloom tomato salad both appetizers as my meal. The tomatoes were not ripe and unfortunately did not have enough acid of any kind on them so that flavor was quite bland. There was no salt or pepper on the table and no pepper was offered either. The octopus was bland but quite tender and fresh.My husband ordered the salmon which he thought was good but a bit overcooked overall -- nothing to write home about. The third person in our party ordered the pork porter house which was very tasty.Based on fellow Yelpers we ordered the strawberry pannacotta for desert but unfortunately they had none at 7:30! We settled for cookies and a tiramisu. We left overall feeling disappointed in the service and the quality of the food.