A number of the reviews here giving off the eh vibe? That's because Soho is a kind of eh place.I visited for the first time yesterday evening. My boyfriend and I decided to stroll over the bridge to catch some Jazz Live in Katz Plaza (Roger Humphries - really good show) and then headed to North Shore for some grub. Now I don't find any of the restaurants near PNC to be that good (see my Bettis Grill review) so I knew we weren't going to find anything spectacular. We settled on Soho because I'd never been there before and Atria's doesn't appeal to me.I did like the open layout on the inside of the restaurant. Looks like a perfect place to catch a game. Finally - a halfway decent TV setup Pittsburgh! The bar is ginormous and they seemed to have an extensive liquor and beer selection. The draft selection was lacking but they did have quite a few choices in bottles if that doesn't bother you. I did not check their wine list but I know they do have one.My boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and I got a cheddar burger. My first thought: These two things should never be on a menu together. He said the stir fry was so-so. Ingredients were spot on but it was lacking any real flavor. Someone mentioned this place as being a runner for best burger in town - huh?? There are a number of places I would put before Soho's: Winghart's Burgatory even Olive Or Twist! My cheeseburger tasted like a frozen Bubba Burger from the grocery store (you know the ones ... ). It wasn't terrible perse but it wasn't particularly good either. It was just so-so. The cheddar cheese on it was not very appealing - it tasted like one of those individually wrapped Kraft slices. Onion rings were tasty but I've rarely if ever had bad onion rings.I would visit this place again if my focus were more so on watching a game and drinking than actually eating. Otherwise I say pass. In fact skip into town over eating in the north shore at all.A number of the reviews here giving off the eh vibe? That's because Soho is a kind of eh place.I visited for the first time yesterday evening. My boyfriend and I decided to stroll over the bridge to catch some Jazz Live in Katz Plaza (Roger Humphries - really good show) and then headed to North Shore for some grub. Now I don't find any of the restaurants near PNC to be that good (see my Bettis Grill review) so I knew we weren't going to find anything spectacular. We settled on Soho because I'd never been there before and Atria's doesn't appeal to me.I did like the open layout on the inside of the restaurant. Looks like a perfect place to catch a game. Finally - a halfway decent TV setup Pittsburgh! The bar is ginormous and they seemed to have an extensive liquor and beer selection. The draft selection was lacking but they did have quite a few choices in bottles if that doesn't bother you. I did not check their wine list but I know they do have one.My boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and I got a cheddar burger. My first thought: These two things should never be on a menu together. He said the stir fry was so-so. Ingredients were spot on but it was lacking any real flavor. Someone mentioned this place as being a runner for best burger in town - huh?? There are a number of places I would put before Soho's: Winghart's Burgatory even Olive Or Twist! My cheeseburger tasted like a frozen Bubba Burger from the grocery store (you know the ones ... ). It wasn't terrible perse but it wasn't particularly good either. It was just so-so. The cheddar cheese on it was not very appealing - it tasted like one of those individually wrapped Kraft slices. Onion rings were tasty but I've rarely if ever had bad onion rings.I would visit this place again if my focus were more so on watching a game and drinking than actually eating. Otherwise I say pass. In fact skip into town over eating in the north shore at all.