Yeah not impressed. We ordered the fried zucchini to start. It's great that it's freshly hand battered but they seem to have forgotten something -- the FLAVOR. This stuff had no seasoning on it at all so we have to pour on a generous helping of salt to get it to taste like anything. And for $8 that's disappointing.We each ordered burgers. At $10 a pop I was expecting a nice juicy burger. What I got was dry and totally tasteless. The whole burger just tasted like nothing. Perhaps their salt shaker fell on the floor and rolled under the fridge or something tonight. It was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries. Again NO SALT OR SEASONING. For a $40 night out I really shouldn't have to dump salt all over everything I order. The service...meh. Our server was so meek I could barely hear her. Serving takes a bit of personality no? When we asked what the happy hour specials were she said Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....it depends on the drink. What? What does that mean? Basically it means you get a random discount on whatever you order maybe perhaps. There is no list no standard $5.00 well drinks or anything normal like that. It's basically order something and hope it's on our happy hour specials.Rather disappointed. They need to either lower their prices or kick it up a notch on the food and service.Yeah not impressed. We ordered the fried zucchini to start. It's great that it's freshly hand battered but they seem to have forgotten something -- the FLAVOR. This stuff had no seasoning on it at all so we have to pour on a generous helping of salt to get it to taste like anything. And for $8 that's disappointing.We each ordered burgers. At $10 a pop I was expecting a nice juicy burger. What I got was dry and totally tasteless. The whole burger just tasted like nothing. Perhaps their salt shaker fell on the floor and rolled under the fridge or something tonight. It was accompanied by some typical frozen steak fries. Again NO SALT OR SEASONING. For a $40 night out I really shouldn't have to dump salt all over everything I order. The service...meh. Our server was so meek I could barely hear her. Serving takes a bit of personality no? When we asked what the happy hour specials were she said Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....it depends on the drink. What? What does that mean? Basically it means you get a random discount on whatever you order maybe perhaps. There is no list no standard $5.00 well drinks or anything normal like that. It's basically order something and hope it's on our happy hour specials.Rather disappointed. They need to either lower their prices or kick it up a notch on the food and service.