I have only ever been to Market Square once before so I was excited to find myself here again! Darren suggested the Original Oyster House for our afternoon meal. Mmmm seafood! I could go for some good seafood especially fresh oysters! Now I am from an area not far from the ocean and every year we had a community oyster roast you know: fried steamed and raw oysters. Ummm yeah. Big let down. I should know better than to have high expectations. If I wanted Long John Silvers or better still Captain D's (look it up if you never heard of Captain D's) then I'd hit up one up AND get a friendlier server to boot. I also bet I could get into a ladies room without needing a key elsewhere or even some SWEET N LOW for my tea! Sorry...the more I write the angrier I am getting. One thing I am starting to notice about this area it seems acceptable to have curt or even rude service. I suppose I was jaded before.Ok the food itself. The side of coleslaw was rather good. It tasted fresh and creamy! The crabcake...(can I call it that?) was more like a clump of Stove Top Stuffing and a tiny bit of crab meat. The two jumbo fried shrimp were ok. At least they weren't too greasy. And the frigg'n original oyster... WHERE IS THE OYSTER??? Nothing but breading. I think I saw something resembling an oyster in there somewhere. And every entree had to be fried. Ugh.I have only ever been to Market Square once before so I was excited to find myself here again! Darren suggested the Original Oyster House for our afternoon meal. Mmmm seafood! I could go for some good seafood especially fresh oysters! Now I am from an area not far from the ocean and every year we had a community oyster roast you know: fried steamed and raw oysters. Ummm yeah. Big let down. I should know better than to have high expectations. If I wanted Long John Silvers or better still Captain D's (look it up if you never heard of Captain D's) then I'd hit up one up AND get a friendlier server to boot. I also bet I could get into a ladies room without needing a key elsewhere or even some SWEET N LOW for my tea! Sorry...the more I write the angrier I am getting. One thing I am starting to notice about this area it seems acceptable to have curt or even rude service. I suppose I was jaded before.Ok the food itself. The side of coleslaw was rather good. It tasted fresh and creamy! The crabcake...(can I call it that?) was more like a clump of Stove Top Stuffing and a tiny bit of crab meat. The two jumbo fried shrimp were ok. At least they weren't too greasy. And the frigg'n original oyster... WHERE IS THE OYSTER??? Nothing but breading. I think I saw something resembling an oyster in there somewhere. And every entree had to be fried. Ugh.