My husband and I celebrated our one year wedding anniversary this past weekend and since we recently have moved into a new area of town we made reservations here because word on the street was that it was good. Verdict? It was so-so. We had reservations at 7:15 and were seated promptly which was fine except we were seated OUTSIDE! Listen folks it's COLD when the sun goes down. They have three tables set outside I guess trying to squeeze out some more business. Our server was nice but not attentive at all.  We were left waiting for things for 10-20 minutes at a time. Also because we were sitting on the sidewalk people and animals and cars kept sweeping by us. It took the waiter three tries to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street. Wine was good. Food was ehhhhhh. We had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out about 1/2 of the order was not edible and all the innards had fallen into the sauce which by the way smelled like stinky cheese. My dinner and my husbands dinner was good no real complaints there. Espresso and a S'more cupcake for dessert and I grand total of $134 later before tip? Definitely not worth it at all.  The best part of the night? Leaving. The worst part of the night? Associating this place with my anniversary.My husband and I celebrated our one year wedding anniversary this past weekend and since we recently have moved into a new area of town we made reservations here because word on the street was that it was good. Verdict? It was so-so. We had reservations at 7:15 and were seated promptly which was fine except we were seated OUTSIDE! Listen folks it's COLD when the sun goes down. They have three tables set outside I guess trying to squeeze out some more business. Our server was nice but not attentive at all.  We were left waiting for things for 10-20 minutes at a time. Also because we were sitting on the sidewalk people and animals and cars kept sweeping by us. It took the waiter three tries to get our meal order because he had to keep stepping out of the way of people walking down the street. Wine was good. Food was ehhhhhh. We had the mussel and clam appetizer and when it came out about 1/2 of the order was not edible and all the innards had fallen into the sauce which by the way smelled like stinky cheese. My dinner and my husbands dinner was good no real complaints there. Espresso and a S'more cupcake for dessert and I grand total of $134 later before tip? Definitely not worth it at all.  The best part of the night? Leaving. The worst part of the night? Associating this place with my anniversary.