For our last lunch in Pittsburgh we decided to return to the Big Burrito Group; Eleven was quite good and both Gayot and Pittsburgh Magazine compared the experience at Casbah favorably to that of Big Burrito's crown jewel.  Citing a mix of Mediterranean and Northern African influences with a bargain Piccola Gusto Menu for lunch and the option for indoor or al fresco dining it seemed as if Casbah was a can't miss option...well sometimes things don't turn out quite as you expect - almost everything that transpired from the moment we arrived until the moment we left was a failure.When our server a young woman named Amanda L who would prove quite inept and inefficient from start to finish finally did arrive our menus were delivered with a brief hello before she wandered away - another server later stopped by to fill our water and drinks were never even offered.  When Amanda finally did return she was capable of answering a couple questions about portion size and our orders were placed.  With my mom and sister opting for the two-course Gusto lunch and myself choosing two courses a la carte we sat and sipped our water.Waiting approximately 10 minutes another ancillary server arrived with bread and butter - a light and airy white bread with a hefty crust paired with a sweet and salted cow's milk butter - decent but nothing to write home about compared to the myriad bread options at Eleven.  After this point we would not see another staff member for 30 minutes...well we would see them they just wouldn't be walking anywhere near our table - instead bussing tables and running around while the hostess flirted with a man at the bar...I'll note that my water glass remained empty for greater than 15 minutes.Finished with our first courses approximately 10 minutes would pass - long enough for me to actively collect each and every plate and stack them at the empty seat of our four-top - before Amanda would finally return to collect the dirty plates...we'd not see her again until 15 minutes later when she filled our water glasses and told us our main courses would be right out.  While I guess she didn't define right out what this actually meant was in 25 minutes.  Starting first with my mother's combo - Jumbo Lump Crab pepper bacon avocado radish sprouts on a paesano bun and Orecchiette Pasta with grilled chicken dried cranberries Riverview Farms goat cheese sage cream. While the sandwich may not be memorable the pasta was actually quite impressive.  Using a less salty cheese and mild cream to flavor the al dente little ears of pasta worked wonders while the sweet/savory mélange of craisins and grilled chicken were a nice match.Vastly less well done than my mother's plate would be my sister's option - the Grilled Vegetables portobello zucchini eggplant arugula chickpea hummus on baguette and Maccheretto pasta with wild mushrooms white beans sun-dried tomatoes rapini pesto fontina walnuts.  Beginning with the sandwich the bite I had was good in taste but rather mushy in consistency - too many similar vegetable textures and the hummus spread too thickly.  Moving on to the pasta - we all tasted it but I'm still not sure what we were supposed to be tasting - it tasted like watery cheese...no spice no salt and certainly nothing resembling pesto or tomatoes.  For the first time in the meal Amanda actually opted to check on us approximately 10 minutes into our main courses and when told of the watery pasta she did apologize and offered to replace it with something else - more Orcchiette.For my main course I received a simple side salad-fresh greens crispy onion strings and a pleasant vinaigrette.  The salad of course was served alongside Elysian Fields Lamb Mac and Cheese tubetti pasta mascarpone cheddar Pecorino-Romano and bread crumbs.  Piping hot and browned with crispy bread crumbs the dish was a decent Macaroni and Cheese but honestly the lamb was so scarce and thinly cut that it added little.Completing our mains approximately 110 minutes after entering Casbah we again waited nearly ten minutes before anyone would stop by to collect dirty plates-a different ancillary server this time.  With my mother and sister already deciding enough was enough they stood up to use the restroom before leaving-by the time Amanda would stop by to ask if anyone would care for dessert our two course meal had lasted 2:05 and I skipped on a menu entailing bread pudding carrot cake and panna cotta with just the bill.Settling the bill via credit card no tip was left because no tip was deserved - in reality Amanda may have actually be the worst server I've encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 years.  I will note that when I wrote to Big Burrito was met by a (seemingly) sincere apology without excuses - the Manager stated things don't' normally happen like that and he'd be sure the issue was addressed.  He closed with I hope you will join us again. I will not.For our last lunch in Pittsburgh we decided to return to the Big Burrito Group; Eleven was quite good and both Gayot and Pittsburgh Magazine compared the experience at Casbah favorably to that of Big Burrito's crown jewel.  Citing a mix of Mediterranean and Northern African influences with a bargain Piccola Gusto Menu for lunch and the option for indoor or al fresco dining it seemed as if Casbah was a can't miss option...well sometimes things don't turn out quite as you expect - almost everything that transpired from the moment we arrived until the moment we left was a failure.When our server a young woman named Amanda L who would prove quite inept and inefficient from start to finish finally did arrive our menus were delivered with a brief hello before she wandered away - another server later stopped by to fill our water and drinks were never even offered.  When Amanda finally did return she was capable of answering a couple questions about portion size and our orders were placed.  With my mom and sister opting for the two-course Gusto lunch and myself choosing two courses a la carte we sat and sipped our water.Waiting approximately 10 minutes another ancillary server arrived with bread and butter - a light and airy white bread with a hefty crust paired with a sweet and salted cow's milk butter - decent but nothing to write home about compared to the myriad bread options at Eleven.  After this point we would not see another staff member for 30 minutes...well we would see them they just wouldn't be walking anywhere near our table - instead bussing tables and running around while the hostess flirted with a man at the bar...I'll note that my water glass remained empty for greater than 15 minutes.Finished with our first courses approximately 10 minutes would pass - long enough for me to actively collect each and every plate and stack them at the empty seat of our four-top - before Amanda would finally return to collect the dirty plates...we'd not see her again until 15 minutes later when she filled our water glasses and told us our main courses would be right out.  While I guess she didn't define right out what this actually meant was in 25 minutes.  Starting first with my mother's combo - Jumbo Lump Crab pepper bacon avocado radish sprouts on a paesano bun and Orecchiette Pasta with grilled chicken dried cranberries Riverview Farms goat cheese sage cream. While the sandwich may not be memorable the pasta was actually quite impressive.  Using a less salty cheese and mild cream to flavor the al dente little ears of pasta worked wonders while the sweet/savory mélange of craisins and grilled chicken were a nice match.Vastly less well done than my mother's plate would be my sister's option - the Grilled Vegetables portobello zucchini eggplant arugula chickpea hummus on baguette and Maccheretto pasta with wild mushrooms white beans sun-dried tomatoes rapini pesto fontina walnuts.  Beginning with the sandwich the bite I had was good in taste but rather mushy in consistency - too many similar vegetable textures and the hummus spread too thickly.  Moving on to the pasta - we all tasted it but I'm still not sure what we were supposed to be tasting - it tasted like watery cheese...no spice no salt and certainly nothing resembling pesto or tomatoes.  For the first time in the meal Amanda actually opted to check on us approximately 10 minutes into our main courses and when told of the watery pasta she did apologize and offered to replace it with something else - more Orcchiette.For my main course I received a simple side salad-fresh greens crispy onion strings and a pleasant vinaigrette.  The salad of course was served alongside Elysian Fields Lamb Mac and Cheese tubetti pasta mascarpone cheddar Pecorino-Romano and bread crumbs.  Piping hot and browned with crispy bread crumbs the dish was a decent Macaroni and Cheese but honestly the lamb was so scarce and thinly cut that it added little.Completing our mains approximately 110 minutes after entering Casbah we again waited nearly ten minutes before anyone would stop by to collect dirty plates-a different ancillary server this time.  With my mother and sister already deciding enough was enough they stood up to use the restroom before leaving-by the time Amanda would stop by to ask if anyone would care for dessert our two course meal had lasted 2:05 and I skipped on a menu entailing bread pudding carrot cake and panna cotta with just the bill.Settling the bill via credit card no tip was left because no tip was deserved - in reality Amanda may have actually be the worst server I've encountered at a fine dining establishment in the last 2 years.  I will note that when I wrote to Big Burrito was met by a (seemingly) sincere apology without excuses - the Manager stated things don't' normally happen like that and he'd be sure the issue was addressed.  He closed with I hope you will join us again. I will not.