Made a reservation on opentable for Friday at 6pm.  It wasn't packed at all but the hostess decided to sit us outside without asking where we'd prefer to sit. It was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable. I immediately noticed that a lot of CMU undergrads worked there. While I was dining there I saw 3 CMU classmates. I started off with the gazpacho and it was very tasty. We were also given some bread with a lavender goat cheese spread. The spread was ok. For the entrees I got the roasted pepper cavereccia that had crab in it and ricotta cavatelli with sausage.For the cavereccia I thought there was going to be big chunks of crab but I was disappointed to see that the crab was shredded into small pieces. The pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok.The cavatelli was extremely oily. The more you ate it the more you saw the pool of oil it was swimming in. I had to wipe some of the oil off the pasta. Lastly I had the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding. It was pretty good but I wish there were more raspberries in it. Service was pretty good and the decor outside was nice although it got really stuffy in the outdoor tent. This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price.Made a reservation on opentable for Friday at 6pm.  It wasn't packed at all but the hostess decided to sit us outside without asking where we'd prefer to sit. It was really hot that day so it was pretty uncomfortable. I immediately noticed that a lot of CMU undergrads worked there. While I was dining there I saw 3 CMU classmates. I started off with the gazpacho and it was very tasty. We were also given some bread with a lavender goat cheese spread. The spread was ok. For the entrees I got the roasted pepper cavereccia that had crab in it and ricotta cavatelli with sausage.For the cavereccia I thought there was going to be big chunks of crab but I was disappointed to see that the crab was shredded into small pieces. The pasta was a little undercooked and the sauce was ok.The cavatelli was extremely oily. The more you ate it the more you saw the pool of oil it was swimming in. I had to wipe some of the oil off the pasta. Lastly I had the dark chocolate raspberry bread pudding. It was pretty good but I wish there were more raspberries in it. Service was pretty good and the decor outside was nice although it got really stuffy in the outdoor tent. This place is pretty expensive and based on the food I wouldn't go back for that price.