Went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition. We were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal. Our waitress was good but that couldn't save the food.The meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.We ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces. Then we ordered the octopus which was fine but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish. The tuscan wings were ok but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them. Finally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it). After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.Went here with a gift card from the restaurant week photo competition. We were one of two tables there and a bunch of staff showing up during the meal. Our waitress was good but that couldn't save the food.The meal started out with some what I guess used to be foccacia.  I say used to be because it no longer represented anything other than long pieces of brick or bark very stale and tasteless.We ordered the vegetable board which was probably the best thing we ordered with light and bright vegetables perfectly cooked and paired with two delicious sauces. Then we ordered the octopus which was fine but very cold and the octopus had little to no flavor being overwhelmed by the citrus in the dish. The tuscan wings were ok but they were really ordered for my husband who seemed to enjoy them. Finally the diver scallops.  This dish was indeible.  The scallops were very overcooked and the pea puree was so minty I was unable to eat it. We sent it back and they did take off half of the price (weren't expecting anything just didn't want to eat it). After that we decided against dessert and left.  I probably will not return.