I ... don't know why I keep going back to Olive or Twist. Seriously you could check my Foursquare stats and see that I've been to this bar more frequently than any place I've ever called my favorite spot in Pittsburgh. Why? I moved up here from Orlando to be with my boyfriend who I had just started dating. I moved because Orlando on a whole sucks and I was ready to get out. My boyfriend used to play in a band as does one of his best friends now. This was their favorite spot to hang out out because all of the (female) bartenders know and love them. They used to get free or greatly reduced drinks could be as loud and obnoxious as they wanted etc. etc. - the ush. I tag along now because I didn't know many people in this city at first obviously. The bar is way too small for the number of people who try to pack in at night. I've had several items off of the menu and they all left a lot to be desired. The drinks are poured strongly. At first I thought this was because the bartenders knew how the boys liked their drinks but now I realize they're just heavy handed. Nothing here really sticks out for me. I can get the drinks properly made elsewhere for the price. Same with the food. I guess the only reason I agree to go back time after time is because of two of the bartenders - Amy and Linda. Those two are the most kick ass bartenders in Pittsburgh. Considering I currently live in Heinz it's also pretty damn close which works in its favor (can't wait to move ... ). Olive or Twist has a great location and if Amy and/or Linda are working you're sure to enjoy yourself. Just keep those expectations low.I ... don't know why I keep going back to Olive or Twist. Seriously you could check my Foursquare stats and see that I've been to this bar more frequently than any place I've ever called my favorite spot in Pittsburgh. Why? I moved up here from Orlando to be with my boyfriend who I had just started dating. I moved because Orlando on a whole sucks and I was ready to get out. My boyfriend used to play in a band as does one of his best friends now. This was their favorite spot to hang out out because all of the (female) bartenders know and love them. They used to get free or greatly reduced drinks could be as loud and obnoxious as they wanted etc. etc. - the ush. I tag along now because I didn't know many people in this city at first obviously. The bar is way too small for the number of people who try to pack in at night. I've had several items off of the menu and they all left a lot to be desired. The drinks are poured strongly. At first I thought this was because the bartenders knew how the boys liked their drinks but now I realize they're just heavy handed. Nothing here really sticks out for me. I can get the drinks properly made elsewhere for the price. Same with the food. I guess the only reason I agree to go back time after time is because of two of the bartenders - Amy and Linda. Those two are the most kick ass bartenders in Pittsburgh. Considering I currently live in Heinz it's also pretty damn close which works in its favor (can't wait to move ... ). Olive or Twist has a great location and if Amy and/or Linda are working you're sure to enjoy yourself. Just keep those expectations low.