WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.My family was visiting my sister in Pittsburgh and we had our eyes set on a specific restaurant not Christos. A gentleman I presume the owner of Christos saw my family and I as we walked down the street. He flashed us his menu pitching to us why his restaurant was the best and why his food was the best. I could barely tell if he was selling food or used cars. I kindly told him we were not interested. My family however was indecisive when it came to getting a restaurant. We ending up wanting to go eat at the restaurant next door to Christos so we backtracked. Again the owner flashed us his menu sensing our touristy indecision. I again declined and pointed to the restaurant I was heading to. He then ignored me and pan-handled to my two sisters mother and wife. They gave in to my dismay. As they said sure... I looked inside the restaurant of Christos at peak dinner hours.  No one was inside.  Absolutely no one. As my family walked in and I rolled my eyes I thought well let's give them a chance...my whole family seemed to feel bad for the guy and I like Greek food.As we got in it seemed nothing was going on. We had just came back from kayaking so we needed to wash our hands. They didn't seem to have a restroom but they took my sisters and mother through the kitchen and downstairs to find one. The silence was broken when they finally put music on and suddenly a couple of kitchen helpers came out and looked like they were warming some of the kitchen equipment up.  Were we their only customers tonight? I bet we were. Before I could settle in he casually asked if I liked pita and hummus. Obviously I said yes. He was asking me so casually when I didn't even have a menu I assumed it was complimentary when he said he would get me some but as I waited I found his restaurant on Yelp with my phone and the first review gave them one star and mentioned how the owner didn't tell him the pita was extra.  Great. The rest of my family later came back from the restroom (akin to going to a restroom at a grocery store where you're around stock items...except you need to go through their kitchen). They started with salad. The waiter asked if I wanted anchovies or something else on my salad. I was going to say sure but my wife stopped me and said it could be extra. The waiter looking like he got caught verified he was offering all extras to me even though earlier the owner said salads came with dinner. I had to sayI just want the standard salad nothing extra. I couldn't let my guard down.We ordered some food priced about what you'd expect.  The pita and hummus I ordered earlier was just barely average so I don't know why they thought it was worth $4. My sister ordered leg of lamb so I expected to see a leg of a lamb. Instead when her plate came out it looked like sad slices of ham. Really. We all got vegetables but they were soggy and unappetizing. I saw them earlier in the kitchen sitting in a big pot when I had used the restroom. Nothing here is fresh. My lamb was on the chewy side. My sister's leg of lamb was left uneaten and she asked if I wanted some. I tried to eat it but it was too chewy. They then asked for dessert. I wanted to say no out of my discontent but again my family members all said yes even when they were telling me the food was not great.  I don't have their sense of pity. The desert and salad were the best things of the night which was kind of sad. When we got the receipt and my wife insisted we check it.  Surprise. They overcharged us $7 from two mysterious items. Their receipt doesn't even list what you ordered. I went up the the cashier to ask them what the two items were. He tried to explain one but he really couldn't. He scratched out the $3 item. I then questioned the $4 charge. Again he tried to explain it but he really couldn't. Again he agreed with me and scratched out the $4.  On top of all this we still gave them a normal tip out of pity. I could tell the waiters were just following orders. I could tell the owner had trained them what to say and how to make extra money.You've been warned. There's a reason why this place is doing so poorly.  There's a reason why the whole hour between 7:30pm and 8:30pm we were the only ones in the restaurant. There's a reason why the owner is begging customer to come in. They're cutting corners on customer service and food quality in exchange for salesman tactics overcharging and tricking you to buy things you don't even know is extra. DO NOT GO HERE.Owners like this will sayBut I have to or else I won't make it. You know what? Restaurants like yours shouldn't make it. Not to be harsh but it was a poor experience. Change your food your sales tactics and your fake receipt items strategy. Maybe a long time ago when they started they were real but now they are doing every dirty trick in the book to nickel and dime you.  WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.My family was visiting my sister in Pittsburgh and we had our eyes set on a specific restaurant not Christos. A gentleman I presume the owner of Christos saw my family and I as we walked down the street. He flashed us his menu pitching to us why his restaurant was the best and why his food was the best. I could barely tell if he was selling food or used cars. I kindly told him we were not interested. My family however was indecisive when it came to getting a restaurant. We ending up wanting to go eat at the restaurant next door to Christos so we backtracked. Again the owner flashed us his menu sensing our touristy indecision. I again declined and pointed to the restaurant I was heading to. He then ignored me and pan-handled to my two sisters mother and wife. They gave in to my dismay. As they said sure... I looked inside the restaurant of Christos at peak dinner hours.  No one was inside.  Absolutely no one. As my family walked in and I rolled my eyes I thought well let's give them a chance...my whole family seemed to feel bad for the guy and I like Greek food.As we got in it seemed nothing was going on. We had just came back from kayaking so we needed to wash our hands. They didn't seem to have a restroom but they took my sisters and mother through the kitchen and downstairs to find one. The silence was broken when they finally put music on and suddenly a couple of kitchen helpers came out and looked like they were warming some of the kitchen equipment up.  Were we their only customers tonight? I bet we were. Before I could settle in he casually asked if I liked pita and hummus. Obviously I said yes. He was asking me so casually when I didn't even have a menu I assumed it was complimentary when he said he would get me some but as I waited I found his restaurant on Yelp with my phone and the first review gave them one star and mentioned how the owner didn't tell him the pita was extra.  Great. The rest of my family later came back from the restroom (akin to going to a restroom at a grocery store where you're around stock items...except you need to go through their kitchen). They started with salad. The waiter asked if I wanted anchovies or something else on my salad. I was going to say sure but my wife stopped me and said it could be extra. The waiter looking like he got caught verified he was offering all extras to me even though earlier the owner said salads came with dinner. I had to sayI just want the standard salad nothing extra. I couldn't let my guard down.We ordered some food priced about what you'd expect.  The pita and hummus I ordered earlier was just barely average so I don't know why they thought it was worth $4. My sister ordered leg of lamb so I expected to see a leg of a lamb. Instead when her plate came out it looked like sad slices of ham. Really. We all got vegetables but they were soggy and unappetizing. I saw them earlier in the kitchen sitting in a big pot when I had used the restroom. Nothing here is fresh. My lamb was on the chewy side. My sister's leg of lamb was left uneaten and she asked if I wanted some. I tried to eat it but it was too chewy. They then asked for dessert. I wanted to say no out of my discontent but again my family members all said yes even when they were telling me the food was not great.  I don't have their sense of pity. The desert and salad were the best things of the night which was kind of sad. When we got the receipt and my wife insisted we check it.  Surprise. They overcharged us $7 from two mysterious items. Their receipt doesn't even list what you ordered. I went up the the cashier to ask them what the two items were. He tried to explain one but he really couldn't. He scratched out the $3 item. I then questioned the $4 charge. Again he tried to explain it but he really couldn't. Again he agreed with me and scratched out the $4.  On top of all this we still gave them a normal tip out of pity. I could tell the waiters were just following orders. I could tell the owner had trained them what to say and how to make extra money.You've been warned. There's a reason why this place is doing so poorly.  There's a reason why the whole hour between 7:30pm and 8:30pm we were the only ones in the restaurant. There's a reason why the owner is begging customer to come in. They're cutting corners on customer service and food quality in exchange for salesman tactics overcharging and tricking you to buy things you don't even know is extra. DO NOT GO HERE.Owners like this will sayBut I have to or else I won't make it. You know what? Restaurants like yours shouldn't make it. Not to be harsh but it was a poor experience. Change your food your sales tactics and your fake receipt items strategy. Maybe a long time ago when they started they were real but now they are doing every dirty trick in the book to nickel and dime you.  WARNING. DO NOT GO HERE.