Worst Applebee's experience I've had.We were seated and then waited 10 minutes to even be greeted.  And then it was only because we flagged someone down.  No apologies when we were finally taken care of.I needed to ask for water three times before I finally went up to the bar to ask for some.  It was then that our server came over with water.  We ordered soup and entrees.  He delivered one soup and an appetizer claiming that was what we ordered and there was no way he misheard.About five minutes later a manager came over and said something to the lines of I understand that you've had some issues  I then proceeded to very calmly explain what our issues had been.  You could tell he wasn't very interested in what we had to say and didn't seem to care that his server had issues.  His lack of caring was apparent in the fact that while we were waiting to be greeted and during one of the many asks for water there were several servers and the manager standing behind the bar shooting the breeze.The food (once the order was right) was good but the wait and the mistakes make it highly unlikely we will never return to this location.Worst Applebee's experience I've had.We were seated and then waited 10 minutes to even be greeted.  And then it was only because we flagged someone down.  No apologies when we were finally taken care of.I needed to ask for water three times before I finally went up to the bar to ask for some.  It was then that our server came over with water.  We ordered soup and entrees.  He delivered one soup and an appetizer claiming that was what we ordered and there was no way he misheard.About five minutes later a manager came over and said something to the lines of I understand that you've had some issues  I then proceeded to very calmly explain what our issues had been.  You could tell he wasn't very interested in what we had to say and didn't seem to care that his server had issues.  His lack of caring was apparent in the fact that while we were waiting to be greeted and during one of the many asks for water there were several servers and the manager standing behind the bar shooting the breeze.The food (once the order was right) was good but the wait and the mistakes make it highly unlikely we will never return to this location.