Quiet Storm is perhaps the most expensive vegetarian diner I have ever been to even by big city standards! Cash-only makes this even more difficult. Tofu wings appetizer was simply not very good; and I usually love these things! I tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment. As far as I know gyros are supposed to be pretty meaty but this was mostly lettuce with sporadic chunks of seitan and cucumberalong  with dreaded diced unripe tomato. The wrap was dry and upon looking at the menu again I see that the sauce that it probably requires costs an extra $.50. The tortilla itself was very white and seemingly unnatural compared to those found at most veggie establishments. My beverage was good and affordable--ginger lemonade. It was sweet for my tastes but I am sure most people would have thought it perfect. I'll keep Quiet Storm in mind as a coffee shop only.F.Y.I after splitting the cost of the appetizer with a friend my lunch cost me $17--ouch! I did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. It was quite good that way and I might recommend that QS rethink the Gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce.Quiet Storm is perhaps the most expensive vegetarian diner I have ever been to even by big city standards! Cash-only makes this even more difficult. Tofu wings appetizer was simply not very good; and I usually love these things! I tried the gyro wrap which was also a big disappointment. As far as I know gyros are supposed to be pretty meaty but this was mostly lettuce with sporadic chunks of seitan and cucumberalong  with dreaded diced unripe tomato. The wrap was dry and upon looking at the menu again I see that the sauce that it probably requires costs an extra $.50. The tortilla itself was very white and seemingly unnatural compared to those found at most veggie establishments. My beverage was good and affordable--ginger lemonade. It was sweet for my tastes but I am sure most people would have thought it perfect. I'll keep Quiet Storm in mind as a coffee shop only.F.Y.I after splitting the cost of the appetizer with a friend my lunch cost me $17--ouch! I did have half of the wrap leftover and ate it later as a salad with my own dressing. It was quite good that way and I might recommend that QS rethink the Gyro presentation if they want to continue using so much lettuce.