This is the worst service (or worst non-service) I have ever experienced. Since I can't give zero stars I'm giving the service one. We didn't eat anything so I can't comment on the food. My husband and I went to Buffalo Blues last night. We stood at the empty hostess stand for a while. When no one came to seat us and we couldn't find anyone to seat us we seated ourselves figuring that's what we were supposed to do.The bar was full but not packed. There were only two other tables with guests one of which had empty plates on the table during this entire experience. After what seemed like forever my husband got up to find a server. He literally walked around the restaurant to find someone but couldn't. He then tried to ask the bartender but she was just as elusive. When he finally found a server  she acted totally shocked that we were there. Maybe if someone had been doing their job they wouldn't be surprised to find hungry people in a restaurant.She came to our table got our drinks (a soda and a water) and asked us if we were ready to order. When we said no she said she would be back. We could see her chit chatting with another server but again couldn't get her attention to come back to take our order. After another ten minutes of waiting for her to return we put a few dollars on the table for my soda and we left. We ordered a pizza at a local shop and picked it up on our way home.Twenty-five minutes passed and we only get drinks? Such a waste of time. It took us 20 minutes just to make the drive there 25 of waiting and another 20 to get home. That's over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left us starving after a hard days work. I used to work as a server so I could understand if the place was busy and the staff was short handed but it was basically a dead night table top wise. I will NEVER go back.This is the worst service (or worst non-service) I have ever experienced. Since I can't give zero stars I'm giving the service one. We didn't eat anything so I can't comment on the food. My husband and I went to Buffalo Blues last night. We stood at the empty hostess stand for a while. When no one came to seat us and we couldn't find anyone to seat us we seated ourselves figuring that's what we were supposed to do.The bar was full but not packed. There were only two other tables with guests one of which had empty plates on the table during this entire experience. After what seemed like forever my husband got up to find a server. He literally walked around the restaurant to find someone but couldn't. He then tried to ask the bartender but she was just as elusive. When he finally found a server  she acted totally shocked that we were there. Maybe if someone had been doing their job they wouldn't be surprised to find hungry people in a restaurant.She came to our table got our drinks (a soda and a water) and asked us if we were ready to order. When we said no she said she would be back. We could see her chit chatting with another server but again couldn't get her attention to come back to take our order. After another ten minutes of waiting for her to return we put a few dollars on the table for my soda and we left. We ordered a pizza at a local shop and picked it up on our way home.Twenty-five minutes passed and we only get drinks? Such a waste of time. It took us 20 minutes just to make the drive there 25 of waiting and another 20 to get home. That's over an hour of our evening completely wasted which left us starving after a hard days work. I used to work as a server so I could understand if the place was busy and the staff was short handed but it was basically a dead night table top wise. I will NEVER go back.