Ew. Okay not the worst pizza ever but it's pretty far down my list of pizzerias...and that's sad considering I quite literally live across the street from it. This should be my go-to pizza destination but I'd rather pay a delivery charge than eat their pizza. The sauce is way too sweet (like Papa Johns sweet) and there isn't enough cheese. There are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this. The only thing I enjoy about Pizza Perfectta is that their sign hilariously claims Excitingly flavored! Personally I wasn't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza. Maybe if they wouldn't have tempted me with such language I would be less pissed off at them. Two stars only because they let me borrow some paper cups when I moved into my apartment and hadn't unpacked my kitchen stuff yet. Without them I may have had to travel half a block north and grab some from a different restaurant. Thanks Pizza Perfectta.Oh and here's a little Italian lesson for you: it's perfetta not perfectta.Ew. Okay not the worst pizza ever but it's pretty far down my list of pizzerias...and that's sad considering I quite literally live across the street from it. This should be my go-to pizza destination but I'd rather pay a delivery charge than eat their pizza. The sauce is way too sweet (like Papa Johns sweet) and there isn't enough cheese. There are too many decent pizza delivery places around to settle for this. The only thing I enjoy about Pizza Perfectta is that their sign hilariously claims Excitingly flavored! Personally I wasn't having an orgasm over my mediocre pizza. Maybe if they wouldn't have tempted me with such language I would be less pissed off at them. Two stars only because they let me borrow some paper cups when I moved into my apartment and hadn't unpacked my kitchen stuff yet. Without them I may have had to travel half a block north and grab some from a different restaurant. Thanks Pizza Perfectta.Oh and here's a little Italian lesson for you: it's perfetta not perfectta.