This place is another that is undeserving of your hard earned money!! The following is an email that I sent to the owner it will shed a little light as to why I feel this way...I will also share his response and what ultimately became of the situation. I know this one is long winded but you should be forewarned about giving them your money!I have been to your bar many times and I have had both good and less than average experiences but this past Saturday was terrible! My girlfriend and I came to have some dinner around 9 pm. We knew it would be crowded due to the Penguin game and that wasn't a problem. When we arrived there were no seats at the bar or tables available anywhere. We decided to have a beer and wait. After the game was over some tables opened up so we sat in an empty booth in the back and waited. After about 5 minutes a waitress came over cleaned our table and made notice of the fact that we still had drinks. Sadly this was the last time that she ever came to our table. We placed our closed menus at the end of the table...nothing we put our empty glasses at the end of the table with the menus...nothing. We sat and waited for more than 15 minutes. All the while we were waiting another group of four sat the table next to us they were never given any attention. They got up and left after being completely ignored. I understand that the restaurant was busy and that service and wait times may be impacted but the way we were treated (or lack of being treated) was appalling. It was especially annoying to watch the server that initially cleaned our table giggling and carrying on with two other booths that appeared to be friends with her on the other side of the dining room and then when she was done she just casually walked over to another empty table picked up something off of it and went into the kitchen without even taking a look around the dining room. At this point we were disgusted and got up and left I was annoyed and made mention of how awful the service in the back was to the doorman. The waitresses in the back were terrible and seemed to have no sense of urgency or seem to care about most of the customers with the exception of the few tables that they were more interested in socializing with. This seems to be a problem because on some of my past less than stellar experiences the disappointment was again with the service from the back servers. On those occasions it was the same thing they seemed to be more interested in being social butterflies than providing any sort of service. You don't need to improve your wait staff you need to replace some of them at least the people working the back dining room on this past Saturday they were completely useless! Will I come back to your restaurant I'm not sure. The food is good but I work hard for my money and I expect to receive more than good food in exchange for it. Sincerely Matt K.Here is the response that I gotPlease give me a call (412)555-1212 to discuss the matter. I'm sorry & will make every attempt to make sure this doesn't happen again.Thank you for making me aware of the situation.Joey DeMarco I promptly called him as soon as I got this email. It went to voice mail  so I left a message. That was it the guy didn't even have the decency to return my phone call. It is amazing that this is how business owners expect to keep people coming through their doors and handing over their hard earned money. Support local businesses but make sure they are deserving of your money!This place is another that is undeserving of your hard earned money!! The following is an email that I sent to the owner it will shed a little light as to why I feel this way...I will also share his response and what ultimately became of the situation. I know this one is long winded but you should be forewarned about giving them your money!I have been to your bar many times and I have had both good and less than average experiences but this past Saturday was terrible! My girlfriend and I came to have some dinner around 9 pm. We knew it would be crowded due to the Penguin game and that wasn't a problem. When we arrived there were no seats at the bar or tables available anywhere. We decided to have a beer and wait. After the game was over some tables opened up so we sat in an empty booth in the back and waited. After about 5 minutes a waitress came over cleaned our table and made notice of the fact that we still had drinks. Sadly this was the last time that she ever came to our table. We placed our closed menus at the end of the table...nothing we put our empty glasses at the end of the table with the menus...nothing. We sat and waited for more than 15 minutes. All the while we were waiting another group of four sat the table next to us they were never given any attention. They got up and left after being completely ignored. I understand that the restaurant was busy and that service and wait times may be impacted but the way we were treated (or lack of being treated) was appalling. It was especially annoying to watch the server that initially cleaned our table giggling and carrying on with two other booths that appeared to be friends with her on the other side of the dining room and then when she was done she just casually walked over to another empty table picked up something off of it and went into the kitchen without even taking a look around the dining room. At this point we were disgusted and got up and left I was annoyed and made mention of how awful the service in the back was to the doorman. The waitresses in the back were terrible and seemed to have no sense of urgency or seem to care about most of the customers with the exception of the few tables that they were more interested in socializing with. This seems to be a problem because on some of my past less than stellar experiences the disappointment was again with the service from the back servers. On those occasions it was the same thing they seemed to be more interested in being social butterflies than providing any sort of service. You don't need to improve your wait staff you need to replace some of them at least the people working the back dining room on this past Saturday they were completely useless! Will I come back to your restaurant I'm not sure. The food is good but I work hard for my money and I expect to receive more than good food in exchange for it. Sincerely Matt K.Here is the response that I gotPlease give me a call (412)555-1212 to discuss the matter. I'm sorry & will make every attempt to make sure this doesn't happen again.Thank you for making me aware of the situation.Joey DeMarco I promptly called him as soon as I got this email. It went to voice mail  so I left a message. That was it the guy didn't even have the decency to return my phone call. It is amazing that this is how business owners expect to keep people coming through their doors and handing over their hard earned money. Support local businesses but make sure they are deserving of your money!