First off this restaurant is absolutely HUGE. there are a ton of tables so i'm going to say that this place is good for groups..  When we went on a friday night there were only about 7 tables occupied with my friend and I sitting alone at the sushi bar.We came here because we wanted sushi and rolls.  None of the pittsburgh restaurants seem to specialize very much in rolls and of the sushi restaurants near shadyside/oakland this one seemed to offer the most number of rolls (please let me know if you know of other ones nearby that offer more!)  We got a 12 piece combination sushi platter a kim's favorite roll (which actually seemed like two separate rolls totaling 16 pieces) and a spider roll.  While the sushi and rolls were of acceptable size the fish was definitely not very fresh.  the spider roll was probably one of the most repulsive rolls i've tasted in a while.  the soft shell crab was fried beyond recognition and it took too much effort to chew as the crunching resounded loudly within my head.My friend and I also split a soon doo boo which came with a bowl of rice and a few miniplates of banchan.  while the soon doo boo was acceptable with a lot of tofu inside the banchan was pretty underwhelming. broccoli pretty weak kimchi bean sprouts...and sadly our bill came out to be way too much for a regular sushi dinner. after tax and tip my friend and i each paid ~35.  while the service was friendly i will probably not be coming back here again.First off this restaurant is absolutely HUGE. there are a ton of tables so i'm going to say that this place is good for groups..  When we went on a friday night there were only about 7 tables occupied with my friend and I sitting alone at the sushi bar.We came here because we wanted sushi and rolls.  None of the pittsburgh restaurants seem to specialize very much in rolls and of the sushi restaurants near shadyside/oakland this one seemed to offer the most number of rolls (please let me know if you know of other ones nearby that offer more!)  We got a 12 piece combination sushi platter a kim's favorite roll (which actually seemed like two separate rolls totaling 16 pieces) and a spider roll.  While the sushi and rolls were of acceptable size the fish was definitely not very fresh.  the spider roll was probably one of the most repulsive rolls i've tasted in a while.  the soft shell crab was fried beyond recognition and it took too much effort to chew as the crunching resounded loudly within my head.My friend and I also split a soon doo boo which came with a bowl of rice and a few miniplates of banchan.  while the soon doo boo was acceptable with a lot of tofu inside the banchan was pretty underwhelming. broccoli pretty weak kimchi bean sprouts...and sadly our bill came out to be way too much for a regular sushi dinner. after tax and tip my friend and i each paid ~35.  while the service was friendly i will probably not be coming back here again.