I'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant. It just has to be a parody of a vegetarian restaurant. Like every time I start reading the menu I think Ashton Kutcher is going to pop out and tell me I've been Punk'd.A small disclaimer: I am not vegan or vegetarian and I never will be. I love meat. But I also love vegetables and fruits and pretty much the entire food pyramid. And these things can be combined to make tasty vegan food. But Texturized vegetable protein hydrated with seasonings is not food to me. Yep that description of their chorizo comes directly off their menu. Eating vegetarian does NOT mean you need to subject yourself to these highly processed foods.Less processed substitutes like tofu tempeh and seitan are used as well but they are mostly treated as a stand-in for meat. I guess if you are a vegetarian that misses eating meat this may satisfy you. However as an omnivore why would I eat a faux-BLT when I can eat a real one? How about instead of trying to imitate the flavor and texture of meat we actually come up with creative combinations of vegetables fruits and legumes that are delicious in their own right. What a concept! Have you ever eaten a vegetarian dish and thought Whoa I can't believe I actually like this better than meat? I have! But don't expect that feeling here. It will be more like: Umm...I guess tofu mixed with nutritional yeast is kinda reminiscent of scrambled eggs?Two stars because I really like the drinks here. The ones I remember trying were the ginger lemonade the Mexican hot chocolate and the root beer with a shot of espresso. They have some really wonderful sounding tea options that I wish I could try but I generally avoid this place because of the food.I'm still not convinced that this is a vegetarian restaurant. It just has to be a parody of a vegetarian restaurant. Like every time I start reading the menu I think Ashton Kutcher is going to pop out and tell me I've been Punk'd.A small disclaimer: I am not vegan or vegetarian and I never will be. I love meat. But I also love vegetables and fruits and pretty much the entire food pyramid. And these things can be combined to make tasty vegan food. But Texturized vegetable protein hydrated with seasonings is not food to me. Yep that description of their chorizo comes directly off their menu. Eating vegetarian does NOT mean you need to subject yourself to these highly processed foods.Less processed substitutes like tofu tempeh and seitan are used as well but they are mostly treated as a stand-in for meat. I guess if you are a vegetarian that misses eating meat this may satisfy you. However as an omnivore why would I eat a faux-BLT when I can eat a real one? How about instead of trying to imitate the flavor and texture of meat we actually come up with creative combinations of vegetables fruits and legumes that are delicious in their own right. What a concept! Have you ever eaten a vegetarian dish and thought Whoa I can't believe I actually like this better than meat? I have! But don't expect that feeling here. It will be more like: Umm...I guess tofu mixed with nutritional yeast is kinda reminiscent of scrambled eggs?Two stars because I really like the drinks here. The ones I remember trying were the ginger lemonade the Mexican hot chocolate and the root beer with a shot of espresso. They have some really wonderful sounding tea options that I wish I could try but I generally avoid this place because of the food.