Always love Primanti's and I was Central Pittsburgh area so I went for lunch. It was after the rush and wasn't too busy but the waitresses acted like it was. I was told to sit myself which is cool since I wanted to sit outside. But then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me. Finally a third came and took my order. I got my usual.... pastrami extra cheese no tomato add egg. When did she miss the no tomato? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look then I ate my sammich and then five minutes later the waitress finally showed up. Until then she was just missing. I was so annoyed but when she came back it was just to refill my drink. A few minutes later I needed my bill but guess what she was gone again! I had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it. I was really annoyed. Love me some Primantis but the Market Square one has terrible service.Always love Primanti's and I was Central Pittsburgh area so I went for lunch. It was after the rush and wasn't too busy but the waitresses acted like it was. I was told to sit myself which is cool since I wanted to sit outside. But then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me. Finally a third came and took my order. I got my usual.... pastrami extra cheese no tomato add egg. When did she miss the no tomato? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look then I ate my sammich and then five minutes later the waitress finally showed up. Until then she was just missing. I was so annoyed but when she came back it was just to refill my drink. A few minutes later I needed my bill but guess what she was gone again! I had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it. I was really annoyed. Love me some Primantis but the Market Square one has terrible service.