I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said I really don't understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald's has done to hamburgers Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza and Taco Bell has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:French onionChicken bitesPizza with pepperoni hamburger and romanoLooking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature the food just was not good. Don't get me wrong this is not the worst pizza I have ever eaten but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed overhandled and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good. I really never want to return.I really love deep dish pizza. The thick crust that is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The spicy peppery sauce that can singe your tongue. The mixture of ingredients just sliding down your chin as it bubbles out of your mouth. That being said I really don't understand why people go to Pizzeria Uno. This chain has done to the deep dish pizza what McDonald's has done to hamburgers Pizza Hut has done to pan pizza Dominoes has done to hand tossed pizza and Taco Bell has done to Tex-Mex; it has made it almost unpalatable. On our menu:French onionChicken bitesPizza with pepperoni hamburger and romanoLooking past the fact that the service was not the best or the fact that the food came out undercooked and tepid in temperature the food just was not good. Don't get me wrong this is not the worst pizza I have ever eaten but this chain is a perfect example of what happens when something becomes so prescribed overhandled and overthought that it no longer resembles the original piece of art that tasted so good. I really never want to return.