You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!Forget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then once I FINALLY placed my order and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders) a young woman took my card swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever I figured forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason layered my Big Mac as such: bread bread patty patty bread. ...seriously how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.You know it's bad when a McDonald's gets a 1 star review...I mean seriously: none of us expect anything fancy when we go to a McDonald's. The whole point of going to McDonald's is indulging in some not-good-for-you food on the go in your busy life. In my case I just wanted a small meal/snack that wouldn't cost me as much as the stuff in Kennywood would. I hadn't even eaten at a McDonald's in about eight years or so. And I quickly remembered why!Forget the fact that McDonald's food isn't great. We all know it's not great. The problem here is that they added insult to injury by giving you the worst customer service ever in addition to not so good food. For starters I quickly discovered that the drive-thru here is the ABSOLUTE slowest line on planet Earth. You certainly won't be getting any fast food here! Then once I FINALLY placed my order and finally got to the window to pay (because of course I spent a lot of time waiting for the people in front of me to even get their orders) a young woman took my card swiped it...and didn't say another word. I waited thinking she was printing a receipt - nope! Eventually - after whipping out her phone and sending a text or two - she realized I was still there and told me to go to the next window for my food. Whatever I figured forget the receipt; by then I was pretty sure she had moved on to other orders and couldn't print my receipt anyway. On to the next window where I was given my food and drink...and I proceeded to quickly discover they gave me no straw and for some reason layered my Big Mac as such: bread bread patty patty bread. ...seriously how does one even mess that up? I give one brownie point because the fries really were actually pretty good...but they were not worth the wait or trouble.I concur with the other reviewers: skip this place. Completely. Just keep driving. Anywhere else is better and less of a waste of your time and money and the people here are so slow that you'll spend more time waiting for your food then you will eating it.