Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning I chose not to order Primanti's #1 best seller which the waitress told me was beer but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was I ordered the #2 best seller the cheese steak. It was heinous. Think a grimy mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw tomatoes and fries.First the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross processed meat texture. Secondly the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury. My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries and those were equally lack-luster. The bacon was simply bacon bits (oh the humanity!) the chili was uninspired and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease?)  I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning I chose not to order Primanti's #1 best seller which the waitress told me was beer but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was I ordered the #2 best seller the cheese steak. It was heinous. Think a grimy mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw tomatoes and fries.First the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross processed meat texture. Secondly the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury. My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries and those were equally lack-luster. The bacon was simply bacon bits (oh the humanity!) the chili was uninspired and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease?)  I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.