As your standard restaurant Atria's has no personality: the food is blah the service is eh and nothing is really all that memorable.  The patio and it's proximity to the ball parks are its saving grace.  Now let's talk about when we reserved a room for a bridal shower...  We had a fixed menu for a group of about 50 ladies.  I understand that.  But when the bride asks for no tomatoes you as a server do not say No substitutions! in your meanest voice.  Lighten up it's her day.  I ended up just taking the tomatoes off for her--and just chalked it up to another maid of honor duty.  The server also kept clearing the bride's drinks while she mingled.  This was annoying but at least we had paid a flat fee for drinks so it wasn't the hugest deal.Overall the server for the bride's table was just awful and kept treating us like little children.  Yes the table was the bridal party and the bride's cousins.  Yes we are all under 30.  But we are also young professionals and the ones who booked the event.  The servers who waited on the rest of the tables containing the mothers aunts great aunts and grandmothers were polite...even when my near-senile grandmother started yelling about bandits.  Later another server apologized on behalf of our bad server and mumbled that he just must be on his period.While Atria's is fine for a glass of wine before a Pirate's game if a table is open outside I certainly would never book it again for a private function.As your standard restaurant Atria's has no personality: the food is blah the service is eh and nothing is really all that memorable.  The patio and it's proximity to the ball parks are its saving grace.  Now let's talk about when we reserved a room for a bridal shower...  We had a fixed menu for a group of about 50 ladies.  I understand that.  But when the bride asks for no tomatoes you as a server do not say No substitutions! in your meanest voice.  Lighten up it's her day.  I ended up just taking the tomatoes off for her--and just chalked it up to another maid of honor duty.  The server also kept clearing the bride's drinks while she mingled.  This was annoying but at least we had paid a flat fee for drinks so it wasn't the hugest deal.Overall the server for the bride's table was just awful and kept treating us like little children.  Yes the table was the bridal party and the bride's cousins.  Yes we are all under 30.  But we are also young professionals and the ones who booked the event.  The servers who waited on the rest of the tables containing the mothers aunts great aunts and grandmothers were polite...even when my near-senile grandmother started yelling about bandits.  Later another server apologized on behalf of our bad server and mumbled that he just must be on his period.While Atria's is fine for a glass of wine before a Pirate's game if a table is open outside I certainly would never book it again for a private function.