Went yesterday after my daughter's college graduation.  When the grad ceremony ran longer than expected I called the hostess to let her know we had been delayed but were departing and hoped to be there soon.  As we were sitting in traffic I received a call from a man who identified himself as the general manager and rudely asked if I still intended to be dining there.  After I explained our delay and that I had just spoke with the hostess he (again very rudely) wanted to know how much longer I thought it would take for me to get to the restaurant.  We arrived at Lydia's about 30 minutes late for a mid-afternoon reservation.   There were several large parties but quite a number of open tables.  Upon presenting at the hostess table neither the hostess or the general manager acknowledged us for several minutes while they continued some discussion between the two of them.  We were seated at a small round table tucked in a corner - very small for a party of five.Our server arrived and explained the menu which was the buffet brunch at the time. He spoke so quickly and mumbled so much that we had trouble understanding him.  We ordered our drinks and he indicated he would take our order when he returned with the drinks.  He later returned without our drinks and told us that they needed to break down the buffet to prep for upcoming dinner service so we could not have the antipasto or dessert portions of the brunch. Instead they would charge us ala carte but we would be limited to the entrees on the brunch menu and they could provide a Caesar salad or cup of soup.  He the left and returned later to take our order - still no drinks. We eventually received Caesar salad (not fresh limp and overdressed) and drinks.  We were seated within view of the antipasto buffet and were able to observe that we were on to the service of our entrees well before the antipasto buffet was broken down. Clearly there was no reason that our menu needed to be so restricted.  Food was ok.  Chicken was salty and overpowered by capers.  Individuals who ordered pasta trio indicated two of three were good.  Unfortunately the table set up required the server to hold the pasta skillet over my lap in order to serve those seated on the other side of the table.  No mishaps but a few close calls.  Amounts provided in first serving were small and it was nearly impossible to get an additional serving.  Two individuals never did receive the second serving of one of the pastas that they requested.  We were able to order from dessert menu.  Desserts were unremarkable and very small.  Service was horrible.  Our server did not return.  Took great effort to flag him down for additional drinks.  House wine and mimosa were overpriced at $12 and $13 respectively given size and quality.Gentleman bussing our table was the only positive of our experience. He was friendly and accommodating.I will not return again and would discourage others as well.Went yesterday after my daughter's college graduation.  When the grad ceremony ran longer than expected I called the hostess to let her know we had been delayed but were departing and hoped to be there soon.  As we were sitting in traffic I received a call from a man who identified himself as the general manager and rudely asked if I still intended to be dining there.  After I explained our delay and that I had just spoke with the hostess he (again very rudely) wanted to know how much longer I thought it would take for me to get to the restaurant.  We arrived at Lydia's about 30 minutes late for a mid-afternoon reservation.   There were several large parties but quite a number of open tables.  Upon presenting at the hostess table neither the hostess or the general manager acknowledged us for several minutes while they continued some discussion between the two of them.  We were seated at a small round table tucked in a corner - very small for a party of five.Our server arrived and explained the menu which was the buffet brunch at the time. He spoke so quickly and mumbled so much that we had trouble understanding him.  We ordered our drinks and he indicated he would take our order when he returned with the drinks.  He later returned without our drinks and told us that they needed to break down the buffet to prep for upcoming dinner service so we could not have the antipasto or dessert portions of the brunch. Instead they would charge us ala carte but we would be limited to the entrees on the brunch menu and they could provide a Caesar salad or cup of soup.  He the left and returned later to take our order - still no drinks. We eventually received Caesar salad (not fresh limp and overdressed) and drinks.  We were seated within view of the antipasto buffet and were able to observe that we were on to the service of our entrees well before the antipasto buffet was broken down. Clearly there was no reason that our menu needed to be so restricted.  Food was ok.  Chicken was salty and overpowered by capers.  Individuals who ordered pasta trio indicated two of three were good.  Unfortunately the table set up required the server to hold the pasta skillet over my lap in order to serve those seated on the other side of the table.  No mishaps but a few close calls.  Amounts provided in first serving were small and it was nearly impossible to get an additional serving.  Two individuals never did receive the second serving of one of the pastas that they requested.  We were able to order from dessert menu.  Desserts were unremarkable and very small.  Service was horrible.  Our server did not return.  Took great effort to flag him down for additional drinks.  House wine and mimosa were overpriced at $12 and $13 respectively given size and quality.Gentleman bussing our table was the only positive of our experience. He was friendly and accommodating.I will not return again and would discourage others as well.