Superbowl Sunday at the Blues. i came to meet a group of friends to watch the  who really cares about this game  show. I was mainly interested in seeing Madonna. I do have to say that we had a server who gave us the utmost attention. We had been seated at some tables near the bar mid restaurant that were wobbling and driving me crazy. At the request of the party she moved us up front and center to a much better and stable seat. Much better view to see the Material girl! So our server gets 5 STARS! Not only for that reason she kept the glasses full and kept checking in with us and took it all in stride as we ordered at different times and all had separate checks. Very classy wish I could remember her name. Young girl with dirty blond hair. The food was pretty blah in my opinion. Bar food none too exceptional. We had nachos that were on slightly stale chips. Good size. Everyone had a burger or sandwich. As I glanced over to my friends Pulled pork it looked dry and sad left sitting on the plate. She said it was EH. I ordered a Gobbler Club sandwich. It was humongous but not that tasty pretty dry. How can you go wrong with a club but the thick cuts of turkey did not sit well with me and I didn't like it at all. Bad texture. The commercials and time with fun friends saved the experience but I wouldn't go back to eat. Just drinks and sports. I like the location. Easy to park. Close to shadyside. Madonna really was the show stopper this night and unless she performs here I most likely won't be back.Superbowl Sunday at the Blues. i came to meet a group of friends to watch the  who really cares about this game  show. I was mainly interested in seeing Madonna. I do have to say that we had a server who gave us the utmost attention. We had been seated at some tables near the bar mid restaurant that were wobbling and driving me crazy. At the request of the party she moved us up front and center to a much better and stable seat. Much better view to see the Material girl! So our server gets 5 STARS! Not only for that reason she kept the glasses full and kept checking in with us and took it all in stride as we ordered at different times and all had separate checks. Very classy wish I could remember her name. Young girl with dirty blond hair. The food was pretty blah in my opinion. Bar food none too exceptional. We had nachos that were on slightly stale chips. Good size. Everyone had a burger or sandwich. As I glanced over to my friends Pulled pork it looked dry and sad left sitting on the plate. She said it was EH. I ordered a Gobbler Club sandwich. It was humongous but not that tasty pretty dry. How can you go wrong with a club but the thick cuts of turkey did not sit well with me and I didn't like it at all. Bad texture. The commercials and time with fun friends saved the experience but I wouldn't go back to eat. Just drinks and sports. I like the location. Easy to park. Close to shadyside. Madonna really was the show stopper this night and unless she performs here I most likely won't be back.