There has to be better Italian food in Pittsburgh -- I don't know why anyone would come here.I had an overnight field trip with my students to Pittsburgh & the tour company took us here for a murder mystery dinner show.  They had us sectioned off which was great for privacy & also since the students were loud.Their service is a hot mess!!!!  They only had 2 waiters serving our 50 person group & it was not organized at all.  Just getting our drinks out was confusing.  The waiters just came out with any drink & then asked -- anyone order this??  This is why my table sat drinkless breadless & saladless for the longest time.For our dinner we were given a salad entree & tiramisu.  The salad was definitely straight out of the bag & doused with some cheap dressing.  It didn't taste fresh at all.  There was a list of 8 or so entrees we could choose from.  They came out quite haphazardly.  I unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever.  I could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar.  I tried to douse it with pepper & cheese but alas it did nothing to help it.  Some of the others said the chicken parm was alright but some said theirs was undercooked.  The tiramisu also was gross.  It definitely was made & cut awhile ago & just kept cold in their fridge.The redeeming parts of this dinner was the decor & old fashioned coin operated games AND the mystery show.  I've never been to one & was really excited.  They started after we ate our entrees & intermissioned during dessert.  The actors were super funny & interactive -- my students loved them which of course makes me happy.  Seriously though their food is so bad.There has to be better Italian food in Pittsburgh -- I don't know why anyone would come here.I had an overnight field trip with my students to Pittsburgh & the tour company took us here for a murder mystery dinner show.  They had us sectioned off which was great for privacy & also since the students were loud.Their service is a hot mess!!!!  They only had 2 waiters serving our 50 person group & it was not organized at all.  Just getting our drinks out was confusing.  The waiters just came out with any drink & then asked -- anyone order this??  This is why my table sat drinkless breadless & saladless for the longest time.For our dinner we were given a salad entree & tiramisu.  The salad was definitely straight out of the bag & doused with some cheap dressing.  It didn't taste fresh at all.  There was a list of 8 or so entrees we could choose from.  They came out quite haphazardly.  I unfortunately ordered the fettuccine alfredo -- worst ever.  I could make better alfredo using the sauce from a supermarket jar.  I tried to douse it with pepper & cheese but alas it did nothing to help it.  Some of the others said the chicken parm was alright but some said theirs was undercooked.  The tiramisu also was gross.  It definitely was made & cut awhile ago & just kept cold in their fridge.The redeeming parts of this dinner was the decor & old fashioned coin operated games AND the mystery show.  I've never been to one & was really excited.  They started after we ate our entrees & intermissioned during dessert.  The actors were super funny & interactive -- my students loved them which of course makes me happy.  Seriously though their food is so bad.