I always feel like I am constantly bashing breweries for their food but in my opinion I feel the bar is raised for places like this. It seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer and slack off on the food. Unfortunately Rock Bottom is one that falls into that category. Let's be honest when you go to a brewery you want the full experience. If it was only about the beer I'd go buy a growler and take it home. So about the beer....EXCELLENT!!!!! The Jagoff IPA is with out a doubt one of the best IPAs I have ever had! They only I can think of that I think is better is Dogfish Head but that's a matter of opinion. The beer selection is constantly changing and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. You can't go wrong there's bound to be a beer everyone will like. As for the food.......it's pretty much a crap shoot. Sometimes it's good sometimes it's terrible. My biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. One time it's perfect then maybe it's cold or it's burned or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. Unfortunately it seems there is zero attention to food quality. That's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency and it's a five star place. Till then it's hit or miss!I always feel like I am constantly bashing breweries for their food but in my opinion I feel the bar is raised for places like this. It seems there are so many breweries out there that offer great beer and slack off on the food. Unfortunately Rock Bottom is one that falls into that category. Let's be honest when you go to a brewery you want the full experience. If it was only about the beer I'd go buy a growler and take it home. So about the beer....EXCELLENT!!!!! The Jagoff IPA is with out a doubt one of the best IPAs I have ever had! They only I can think of that I think is better is Dogfish Head but that's a matter of opinion. The beer selection is constantly changing and they always have some excellent seasonal beers. You can't go wrong there's bound to be a beer everyone will like. As for the food.......it's pretty much a crap shoot. Sometimes it's good sometimes it's terrible. My biggest problem is there is absolutely no consistency when it comes to the food. One time it's perfect then maybe it's cold or it's burned or it tastes completely different from the last time you had it. Unfortunately it seems there is zero attention to food quality. That's pretty much it. This place fixes it's food consistency and it's a five star place. Till then it's hit or miss!