Came here on a Sunday it was slow and we got our food in good time.Ordered two personal size pizzas spicy fries fried zucchini & onion rings. The pizzas were actually really good but the other sides weren't worth it. Tastes plain & over cooked. Ok so the reason why I'm giving this place 1 star is because I saw soooo many health code violations! * A RedBull can on the pizza dressing table.* The woman who charged me was working on a pizza and didn't even wash her hands after she charged me! She just went right back to working on making the pizza! * The same woman who charged me -NOT kidding ...her nails were long & yellow mind you she wasn't wearing any gloves while putting that pizza together. YUCK!! * Same chick went out for a cigarette break (in the front of the place) and when she was coming back in she brought AND blew the smoke inside the restaurant. Price range in Yelp language is $$I definitely won't go back because if that's what I was able to witness in the front of the place I don't want to imagine what's going on in the back!!! I don't think I'm being harsh. That was one too many violations in my opinion.Came here on a Sunday it was slow and we got our food in good time.Ordered two personal size pizzas spicy fries fried zucchini & onion rings. The pizzas were actually really good but the other sides weren't worth it. Tastes plain & over cooked. Ok so the reason why I'm giving this place 1 star is because I saw soooo many health code violations! * A RedBull can on the pizza dressing table.* The woman who charged me was working on a pizza and didn't even wash her hands after she charged me! She just went right back to working on making the pizza! * The same woman who charged me -NOT kidding ...her nails were long & yellow mind you she wasn't wearing any gloves while putting that pizza together. YUCK!! * Same chick went out for a cigarette break (in the front of the place) and when she was coming back in she brought AND blew the smoke inside the restaurant. Price range in Yelp language is $$I definitely won't go back because if that's what I was able to witness in the front of the place I don't want to imagine what's going on in the back!!! I don't think I'm being harsh. That was one too many violations in my opinion.