To keep it short and sweet: Save yourself $100. Buy a good board game your alcohol of choice order a pizza and invite your friends over. What an incredible disappointment. After seeing the enticing commercials so many times we decided to give this place a try on a double date. I understand the prices of the play cards and won't dispute them; however the food was incredibly over-priced came out COLD (as in sat on a counter without warmers for a minimum of 30 minutes) and I literally had to ask the bartender if there was any vodka in my drink. It was pure juice. $38 for three shots that had little-no alcohol in them. (Not to mention my glass was dirty and I saw the bartender scoop the glass into the ice basin because she was too lazy to use the sanitary scoop. I know the Food and Beverage Commission would be as disappointed as I was.) The service was terrible. Don't ask for anything from your waiter as they are a little too busy on their cell phones or conversing amongst themselves. Was it fun to be in an adult-themed arcade? Yes. If you're looking for a good atmosphere to go with friends to play games I suppose I would advise you give it a shot. I would never recommend their food customer service or drinks. Save yourself the money and stay home or go for a traditional bowling figure skating roller-blading rock climbing basically any other physically-entertaining themed date instead.To keep it short and sweet: Save yourself $100. Buy a good board game your alcohol of choice order a pizza and invite your friends over. What an incredible disappointment. After seeing the enticing commercials so many times we decided to give this place a try on a double date. I understand the prices of the play cards and won't dispute them; however the food was incredibly over-priced came out COLD (as in sat on a counter without warmers for a minimum of 30 minutes) and I literally had to ask the bartender if there was any vodka in my drink. It was pure juice. $38 for three shots that had little-no alcohol in them. (Not to mention my glass was dirty and I saw the bartender scoop the glass into the ice basin because she was too lazy to use the sanitary scoop. I know the Food and Beverage Commission would be as disappointed as I was.) The service was terrible. Don't ask for anything from your waiter as they are a little too busy on their cell phones or conversing amongst themselves. Was it fun to be in an adult-themed arcade? Yes. If you're looking for a good atmosphere to go with friends to play games I suppose I would advise you give it a shot. I would never recommend their food customer service or drinks. Save yourself the money and stay home or go for a traditional bowling figure skating roller-blading rock climbing basically any other physically-entertaining themed date instead.