This place is dead but they just don't know it yet.  Arrived on a rainy Wednesday around 7PM.  20 minute wait for a table so I guess they are doing well right?  We should have known better when we sat in the bar area to wait (me my spouse and my eight-year-old son) after the rather apathetic front-desk person took our name.  A couple tables taken but no sign of staff in the bar.  Every table was dirty covered with plates glasses and the remains of others.  We took one that had just a couple of glasses and an impressive amount of Parmesan cheese scattered about.  Took 10 minutes for any sign of a bartender who promptly spent five minutes getting caught up on drink orders before wandering over.  No smile no welcome just what do you want and are you waiting for a table.  And certainly no let me clean this table for you.  We had a beer and a wine and a root beer for the little one.  The pinot grigio was vile but hey thanks for charging us for the more expensive version: lord knows how disgusting the cheaper version would have been.   Finally after 20 minutes we were seated.  Not a table in the bar area had been cleaned in that period.And the restaurant is empty!  Maybe 20% full!  They made us wait simply because they can't staff correctly.  Acres of empty tables.  So we sit look at the menu check out the surrounding (few) tables and made the only good decision we made this night:  we left and found another place in the area.  A place that actually worked to seat us and made us feel welcome.The most amazing thing:  between the greeter the bartender and the seater there was not a single smile.  Not a single sign that they actually are happy that we chose their establishment.  And not a sign that that they gave a damn whether we ever wanted to come back.  No wonder it is 80% empty but still makes people wait.The other reviews compare this to Olive Garden and the like.  As my review makes clear I can't compare the food.  And I am certainly not a fan of the Olive Garden.  But the few times I have gone into one I was made to feel welcome.  Certainly not here.  The place is living off memories:  I don't think it is creating any new (positive) ones.This place is dead but they just don't know it yet.  Arrived on a rainy Wednesday around 7PM.  20 minute wait for a table so I guess they are doing well right?  We should have known better when we sat in the bar area to wait (me my spouse and my eight-year-old son) after the rather apathetic front-desk person took our name.  A couple tables taken but no sign of staff in the bar.  Every table was dirty covered with plates glasses and the remains of others.  We took one that had just a couple of glasses and an impressive amount of Parmesan cheese scattered about.  Took 10 minutes for any sign of a bartender who promptly spent five minutes getting caught up on drink orders before wandering over.  No smile no welcome just what do you want and are you waiting for a table.  And certainly no let me clean this table for you.  We had a beer and a wine and a root beer for the little one.  The pinot grigio was vile but hey thanks for charging us for the more expensive version: lord knows how disgusting the cheaper version would have been.   Finally after 20 minutes we were seated.  Not a table in the bar area had been cleaned in that period.And the restaurant is empty!  Maybe 20% full!  They made us wait simply because they can't staff correctly.  Acres of empty tables.  So we sit look at the menu check out the surrounding (few) tables and made the only good decision we made this night:  we left and found another place in the area.  A place that actually worked to seat us and made us feel welcome.The most amazing thing:  between the greeter the bartender and the seater there was not a single smile.  Not a single sign that they actually are happy that we chose their establishment.  And not a sign that that they gave a damn whether we ever wanted to come back.  No wonder it is 80% empty but still makes people wait.The other reviews compare this to Olive Garden and the like.  As my review makes clear I can't compare the food.  And I am certainly not a fan of the Olive Garden.  But the few times I have gone into one I was made to feel welcome.  Certainly not here.  The place is living off memories:  I don't think it is creating any new (positive) ones.