After eating lunch several days a week at Atrias PNC Park restaurant for many years I have finally decided that the price has just lost any relation to portions/quality and will not be dining there anytime in the near future.Gradually over the past year the prices have continued to increase to the point of being dinner menu prices for lunch size meals.  Recently the portion size has significantly diminished to the point of being almost comical today.The fish special today was BBQ salmon with asparagus.  It consisted of about 3oz of salmon and four spears of asparagus.  It actually looked ridiculous on the plate.  The specials used to have 5-6 oz of fish included a decent portion of vegetables and rice all for a dollar or two less.  While a bit more than I wanted to spend for lunch at least the quality and size of portion made some sense.  Today I spent $15 plus tax and tip and left feeling like I had eaten an appetizer and still hungry.They have pushed it too far I am no longer willing to waste my money at Atria's.  Too bad we used to really enjoy lunch there.After eating lunch several days a week at Atrias PNC Park restaurant for many years I have finally decided that the price has just lost any relation to portions/quality and will not be dining there anytime in the near future.Gradually over the past year the prices have continued to increase to the point of being dinner menu prices for lunch size meals.  Recently the portion size has significantly diminished to the point of being almost comical today.The fish special today was BBQ salmon with asparagus.  It consisted of about 3oz of salmon and four spears of asparagus.  It actually looked ridiculous on the plate.  The specials used to have 5-6 oz of fish included a decent portion of vegetables and rice all for a dollar or two less.  While a bit more than I wanted to spend for lunch at least the quality and size of portion made some sense.  Today I spent $15 plus tax and tip and left feeling like I had eaten an appetizer and still hungry.They have pushed it too far I am no longer willing to waste my money at Atria's.  Too bad we used to really enjoy lunch there.