I hate this place. I have been here many times and I am just finally getting around to writing a review.  Let me state that my wife made me go here tonight because my friends wanted to and she said I need to indulge their interests. Even if they suck. Buffalo Blues is like a Hooters except the girls where more clothes and are not as good looking. The service is horrendous and the food may be better at Hooters.  The beer selection is decent at Buffalo Blues but it is expensive and they often run out of things that are still on the board.My friends like going for all you can eat wing night but frankly I don't get it. You get 10 wings up front they will give more wings 5 at a time. The problem is that you get those wings in 30 minute intervals.  So the max you could eat is 55 wings. Did I mention that  the wings are really tiny and the sauce is tossed on like a Jackson Pollack painting.  They also charge extra for blue cheese or ranch.  The wings do not come with celery. This is a crime against humanity and the city of Buffalo.  I chose to detour from wings tonight and ordered a chicken sandwich. Apparently this was a bad choice.  It took a full hour to get my food. It was so long that the rest of the table ate their wings and ordered more and the waitress didn't think this was a problem. When my meal did arrive everything was cold. The sandwich was ok but the fries were just tiny pieces that were limp and flavorless.I paid $16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friends had to wait for me to eat to leave.  I would say I won't go back but apparently I like my friends more than I like good food and service.I hate this place. I have been here many times and I am just finally getting around to writing a review.  Let me state that my wife made me go here tonight because my friends wanted to and she said I need to indulge their interests. Even if they suck. Buffalo Blues is like a Hooters except the girls where more clothes and are not as good looking. The service is horrendous and the food may be better at Hooters.  The beer selection is decent at Buffalo Blues but it is expensive and they often run out of things that are still on the board.My friends like going for all you can eat wing night but frankly I don't get it. You get 10 wings up front they will give more wings 5 at a time. The problem is that you get those wings in 30 minute intervals.  So the max you could eat is 55 wings. Did I mention that  the wings are really tiny and the sauce is tossed on like a Jackson Pollack painting.  They also charge extra for blue cheese or ranch.  The wings do not come with celery. This is a crime against humanity and the city of Buffalo.  I chose to detour from wings tonight and ordered a chicken sandwich. Apparently this was a bad choice.  It took a full hour to get my food. It was so long that the rest of the table ate their wings and ordered more and the waitress didn't think this was a problem. When my meal did arrive everything was cold. The sandwich was ok but the fries were just tiny pieces that were limp and flavorless.I paid $16 for a beer and a sandwich that my friends had to wait for me to eat to leave.  I would say I won't go back but apparently I like my friends more than I like good food and service.