Honestly I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year we have tried repeatedly but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude and the wait was too long.Tonight we had a special date planned and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time waited in the line to see the front staff and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.I imagined a short wait so we went outside crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor them?The food here is good but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh and the local place was a much more reasonable price.We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.Honestly I'm furious. I enjoyed PF Chang's restaurants in the Chicago area and my wife and I have eaten a few times at this Pittsburgh-area location. Over the last year we have tried repeatedly but the 90-120 minute wait for dinner is unacceptable. We tried going early late -- it never made any difference. The front staff was rude and the wait was too long.Tonight we had a special date planned and made reservations a week in advance. We came in the door exactly on time waited in the line to see the front staff and we were promptly handed a pager. They couldn't tell us when we would be seated.I imagined a short wait so we went outside crossed into a store to wait (since the entrance of this location is so packed it's impossible to wait at the bar or in the meager seating).After 20 minutes we gave up. We went back to PF Chang's and the front office staff still couldn't tell us when we would be seated. I saw open tables.What on earth is the point of accepting reservations if you do not honor them?The food here is good but certainly not great. We went to a local Thai place and were seated with no problem in 5 minutes. The food was much better the service was good even in a crowded busy restaurant. Oh and the local place was a much more reasonable price.We certainly will never visit PF Chang's again.