We headed to the strip district to soak in the atmosphere like any good tourist should do.Unfortunately we love to sleep and showed up a little late and by the time we were ready to eat (around 4pm) our list of recommended places to try were already closed for the day. Roland's was open though. As an added bonus they were showing the Steeler's game and there is nothing that Pittsburgh loves more than supporting the Steeler's and Penguin's. The atmosphere was great with everyone dressed in black and yellow and really into the game.We ordered wedding soup (pretty delicious) and Portobello Mushroom Pizza. Maybe our mistake was not ordering seafood anyway the caramelized onions on it were actually cooked in sugar (eww) and the sauce itself was just as sweet. It felt like we were eating candy.As for the staff Pittsburgh in general has some of the friendliest people I've come across in a long time. The staff here may not have been quite as friendly as we had come to expect from the rest of this lovely city but they were just fine.We headed to the strip district to soak in the atmosphere like any good tourist should do.Unfortunately we love to sleep and showed up a little late and by the time we were ready to eat (around 4pm) our list of recommended places to try were already closed for the day. Roland's was open though. As an added bonus they were showing the Steeler's game and there is nothing that Pittsburgh loves more than supporting the Steeler's and Penguin's. The atmosphere was great with everyone dressed in black and yellow and really into the game.We ordered wedding soup (pretty delicious) and Portobello Mushroom Pizza. Maybe our mistake was not ordering seafood anyway the caramelized onions on it were actually cooked in sugar (eww) and the sauce itself was just as sweet. It felt like we were eating candy.As for the staff Pittsburgh in general has some of the friendliest people I've come across in a long time. The staff here may not have been quite as friendly as we had come to expect from the rest of this lovely city but they were just fine.