Sushi Kim has long held a reputation as one of the best sushi restaurants in town. However after repeated visits I wonder if this stems from the day when Sushi Kim was practically the only sushi restaurant in town. Please note that this review pertains to the sushi dining only for dinner. I've not been there for lunch or had the Korean food.My most recent visit typifies each time I've had there. Upon arrival the place is nearly empty. The service is attentive but indifferent as if they realize you're a dirty dish that needs to be cleaned - you're taken care of like any other chore.The miso soup arrived and was very tasty. However it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool. This is pretty normal as well. The most disappointing part is the sushi itself. It is not inexpensive (really sushi is rarely inexpensive) but upon arrival it is a bit too warm and just doesn't taste fresh. Being that much of this dish consists of raw fish freshness concerns me a bit more than say french fries at a bar. Each and every variety is equally disappointing with the end result being Meh to Yech. With such a large population of sushi places in Pittsburgh these days and even Giant Eagle in a pinch there is not really a reason to frequent this place anymore. After a handful of visits based on reputation and the hope that this time might be better I've made my last trip to Sushi Kim.Sushi Kim has long held a reputation as one of the best sushi restaurants in town. However after repeated visits I wonder if this stems from the day when Sushi Kim was practically the only sushi restaurant in town. Please note that this review pertains to the sushi dining only for dinner. I've not been there for lunch or had the Korean food.My most recent visit typifies each time I've had there. Upon arrival the place is nearly empty. The service is attentive but indifferent as if they realize you're a dirty dish that needs to be cleaned - you're taken care of like any other chore.The miso soup arrived and was very tasty. However it was also past lukewarm to the point of being cool. This is pretty normal as well. The most disappointing part is the sushi itself. It is not inexpensive (really sushi is rarely inexpensive) but upon arrival it is a bit too warm and just doesn't taste fresh. Being that much of this dish consists of raw fish freshness concerns me a bit more than say french fries at a bar. Each and every variety is equally disappointing with the end result being Meh to Yech. With such a large population of sushi places in Pittsburgh these days and even Giant Eagle in a pinch there is not really a reason to frequent this place anymore. After a handful of visits based on reputation and the hope that this time might be better I've made my last trip to Sushi Kim.