This place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising. Some of the food was good and others were sub-par.Two of us ate the gyro platter which comes with: hummus (watery) pita (store bought) gyro meat (I've never had gyro meat like this before it was ultra thin and had a rubbery texture - also the portion was so small) Greek salad (iceberg with sparse toppings and too much dressing) grape leaves (vegetarian but quite good) and rice (actually this was the tastiest thing on the platter - it had a nice lemon and chicken broth flavor). Overall the food was hit or miss. The most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat. My companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable. I think diners come for the cake which was eaten by almost every person in the joint. I also have to agree with some of the other reviewers this place is disgustingly dirty. All patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross. The kitchen was not clean and our waiter had food on his hands when he served us. Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again.This place was really busy when we arrived so it seemed promising. Some of the food was good and others were sub-par.Two of us ate the gyro platter which comes with: hummus (watery) pita (store bought) gyro meat (I've never had gyro meat like this before it was ultra thin and had a rubbery texture - also the portion was so small) Greek salad (iceberg with sparse toppings and too much dressing) grape leaves (vegetarian but quite good) and rice (actually this was the tastiest thing on the platter - it had a nice lemon and chicken broth flavor). Overall the food was hit or miss. The most disappointing were the pita and the gyro meat. My companion had the salmon and said it was unremarkable. I think diners come for the cake which was eaten by almost every person in the joint. I also have to agree with some of the other reviewers this place is disgustingly dirty. All patrons walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom which was really gross. The kitchen was not clean and our waiter had food on his hands when he served us. Even homemade wine and honey soaked cake won't bring me back again.