If you've been to Pittsburgh you know what to expect from a Primanti Sandwich. When I'm in the mood for them they are fantastic. So when my mother and aunt came to visit da Burgh for the first time they were intensely curious about local restaurants and this one came up. They thought it sounded fun and different but since one is pescatarian leaning to the veg side and the other is gluten intolerant I really didn't think Primanti would be the best place to take them.Walking around down town we passed this one and they wanted to sit down and give it a try. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside which was really amazing. We were also amazed by our server. By the end of the meal we were amazed she remembered to show up at work at all. In fact its a distinct possiblility that she didn't ever work there and was just confused and thought she was at the greek place across the square. You don't go to a sandwich shop to be blown away by your server but there is a minimum standard you should aspire to and she was far off that mark.She took forever to get there but it was no hardship sitting outside on a beautiful day with two of my favorite gals. We talked about the menu Auntie decided to order anything with no bread with some loaded fries. Mom wanted a sardine sandwich but only if its the sardine filets she doesn't like the kind with bones. She is not one to make a fuss so figured cheese and egg would be fine too. When she came around for drinks they got a water and a pop. I asked if she had PBR and she replied she didn't know. Then continued to stand there pen in hand ready to write my drink order down. OK then how about I just have a diet pop. Before she ran off we ordered our meals. I asked her if the sardines have bones in them or not. She looked up from her note pad and looked at me with a look that said {insert foul insult here} and shrugged. A big slow deliberate shrug. Not a word. And then just stood there waiting to write my order down. After a good long awkward pause she said I don't know.  All three of us just looked back at her waiting until eventually she sighed held her pad down by her side and with a big roll of the eyes asked if I wanted her to check. Yes. Please do.So then she ran off and started running food out to tables all around and refilling drinks. Running the sandwiches she would grab two or three tables at a time and then put all the sandwiches down sort of paw through them to see what was what and leave theirs and take the rest. It was just strange.She came back and without looking up announced Don't matter we are out of sardines anyways.Facepalm! From the length of time she had been inside the restaurant I doubt she even asked. Mom very uncomfortable that her question had become such a horrible inconvenience asked for egg and cheese. Auntie ordered loaded fries to start then her corned beef with no bread. The waitress told her she already gets fries with her sandwich but she wanted them anyways. I got balogna just because neither of them would ever guess what jumbo means.Of course the order came out quickly and wrong. Mine was fine the way it came but not what I asked for. Mom was the same. Auntie was fine but no loaded fries every showed up. Until we got the check that's where they were. Getting those taken off was another huge inconvenience to our poor server. My Aunt picked up lunch and left the tip. I don't know what she left but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all I reckon she enjoyed our lunch together just as much as we did.If you've been to Pittsburgh you know what to expect from a Primanti Sandwich. When I'm in the mood for them they are fantastic. So when my mother and aunt came to visit da Burgh for the first time they were intensely curious about local restaurants and this one came up. They thought it sounded fun and different but since one is pescatarian leaning to the veg side and the other is gluten intolerant I really didn't think Primanti would be the best place to take them.Walking around down town we passed this one and they wanted to sit down and give it a try. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside which was really amazing. We were also amazed by our server. By the end of the meal we were amazed she remembered to show up at work at all. In fact its a distinct possiblility that she didn't ever work there and was just confused and thought she was at the greek place across the square. You don't go to a sandwich shop to be blown away by your server but there is a minimum standard you should aspire to and she was far off that mark.She took forever to get there but it was no hardship sitting outside on a beautiful day with two of my favorite gals. We talked about the menu Auntie decided to order anything with no bread with some loaded fries. Mom wanted a sardine sandwich but only if its the sardine filets she doesn't like the kind with bones. She is not one to make a fuss so figured cheese and egg would be fine too. When she came around for drinks they got a water and a pop. I asked if she had PBR and she replied she didn't know. Then continued to stand there pen in hand ready to write my drink order down. OK then how about I just have a diet pop. Before she ran off we ordered our meals. I asked her if the sardines have bones in them or not. She looked up from her note pad and looked at me with a look that said {insert foul insult here} and shrugged. A big slow deliberate shrug. Not a word. And then just stood there waiting to write my order down. After a good long awkward pause she said I don't know.  All three of us just looked back at her waiting until eventually she sighed held her pad down by her side and with a big roll of the eyes asked if I wanted her to check. Yes. Please do.So then she ran off and started running food out to tables all around and refilling drinks. Running the sandwiches she would grab two or three tables at a time and then put all the sandwiches down sort of paw through them to see what was what and leave theirs and take the rest. It was just strange.She came back and without looking up announced Don't matter we are out of sardines anyways.Facepalm! From the length of time she had been inside the restaurant I doubt she even asked. Mom very uncomfortable that her question had become such a horrible inconvenience asked for egg and cheese. Auntie ordered loaded fries to start then her corned beef with no bread. The waitress told her she already gets fries with her sandwich but she wanted them anyways. I got balogna just because neither of them would ever guess what jumbo means.Of course the order came out quickly and wrong. Mine was fine the way it came but not what I asked for. Mom was the same. Auntie was fine but no loaded fries every showed up. Until we got the check that's where they were. Getting those taken off was another huge inconvenience to our poor server. My Aunt picked up lunch and left the tip. I don't know what she left but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all I reckon she enjoyed our lunch together just as much as we did.