It wasn't bad but it definitely wasn't good. As soon as we walked in the door the place was jammed back with people who were not interested in seating anyone or telling anyone they would be seated. On one side of the restaurant there were literally two girls working and one of them was pregnant. You can imagine the chaos. I wanted to have this Pittsburgh experience that I've heard so much about but honestly I was more than underwhelmed. After being seated it took the waitress 10 minutes to get around to actually saying hello to us and in between that time a large group of people decided to squeeze in a booth behind our table making my friend having to get up every time a waitress or another person needed to squeeze back there.The sandwich at best was mediocre. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my tastes and became sickening after the first half of the sandwich. I needed a lot of ketchup to even finish the sandwich. Not to mention I got a nice souvenier of vinegary smelling hands afterwards. If you're a tourist go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the Pittsburgh experience. Apart from that I don't know why you'd return.It wasn't bad but it definitely wasn't good. As soon as we walked in the door the place was jammed back with people who were not interested in seating anyone or telling anyone they would be seated. On one side of the restaurant there were literally two girls working and one of them was pregnant. You can imagine the chaos. I wanted to have this Pittsburgh experience that I've heard so much about but honestly I was more than underwhelmed. After being seated it took the waitress 10 minutes to get around to actually saying hello to us and in between that time a large group of people decided to squeeze in a booth behind our table making my friend having to get up every time a waitress or another person needed to squeeze back there.The sandwich at best was mediocre. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my tastes and became sickening after the first half of the sandwich. I needed a lot of ketchup to even finish the sandwich. Not to mention I got a nice souvenier of vinegary smelling hands afterwards. If you're a tourist go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the Pittsburgh experience. Apart from that I don't know why you'd return.