I have been to Rolands a few times and have not experienced any of the problems others are saying they have however I'm only giving 2 stars because you're in the strip-you can do better than Rolands! I was most recently at Rolands during the steeler season last year. I ordered the crab chowder which I have had every time I have been there and each time it has been excellent. On this most recent visit I ordered the raspberry maple scallop appetizer as my meal. It was a large portion;I could not finish it and my fellow diners were too stuffed to help me. One member of my group ordered the seafood pizza and crushed it-said it was so tasty. My other fellow diner order the stuffed banana pepper app and also said it was good. They have a wide draft selection and if you get there early enough you can grab a seat near the tvs. The bar is usually too crowded to grab a seat at but our service at our table was attentive and quick. On a previous visit I split a margarita pizza and it was good too so there is a variety of entrees/apps etc to choose from to please any palate.I have been to Rolands a few times and have not experienced any of the problems others are saying they have however I'm only giving 2 stars because you're in the strip-you can do better than Rolands! I was most recently at Rolands during the steeler season last year. I ordered the crab chowder which I have had every time I have been there and each time it has been excellent. On this most recent visit I ordered the raspberry maple scallop appetizer as my meal. It was a large portion;I could not finish it and my fellow diners were too stuffed to help me. One member of my group ordered the seafood pizza and crushed it-said it was so tasty. My other fellow diner order the stuffed banana pepper app and also said it was good. They have a wide draft selection and if you get there early enough you can grab a seat near the tvs. The bar is usually too crowded to grab a seat at but our service at our table was attentive and quick. On a previous visit I split a margarita pizza and it was good too so there is a variety of entrees/apps etc to choose from to please any palate.