We did the obligatory Primanti Bros stop on our recent first visit to Pittsburgh. We can understand how it's a novelty to have fries on everything. But if they're not seasoned well and crisp...what's the point? When a place gets talked up so much you can't help but have big expectations. We were disappointed...Here's the thing when you sit down at a restaurant and the table is filthy the menus have food all over them and they bring your drinks in Solo cups...Without a doubt if I were still in college and needed to nurse a hangover this would probably be a go-to place. My husband ordered the Italian Sausage which was obscenely big with good flavor but again the fries were mush and flavorless. Luckily we had ordered an additional side of slaw because that's truly what made the sandwich which was very tasty. We also ordered the vegetarian soup which was good but I ordered a chix salad because a MASSIVE sandwich with fries and slaw on it was just not calling me. Little did I know the gimmick of fries on everything meant fries on everything....including my salad. It was really gross to have these tasteless grease piles on my salad which I couldn't even eat. Although we were dining there the salad came in a plastic to-go box and pre-packaged dressing in a packet. The chicken was like tasteless rubber. We checked of the Primanti Bros box but won't be back.We did the obligatory Primanti Bros stop on our recent first visit to Pittsburgh. We can understand how it's a novelty to have fries on everything. But if they're not seasoned well and crisp...what's the point? When a place gets talked up so much you can't help but have big expectations. We were disappointed...Here's the thing when you sit down at a restaurant and the table is filthy the menus have food all over them and they bring your drinks in Solo cups...Without a doubt if I were still in college and needed to nurse a hangover this would probably be a go-to place. My husband ordered the Italian Sausage which was obscenely big with good flavor but again the fries were mush and flavorless. Luckily we had ordered an additional side of slaw because that's truly what made the sandwich which was very tasty. We also ordered the vegetarian soup which was good but I ordered a chix salad because a MASSIVE sandwich with fries and slaw on it was just not calling me. Little did I know the gimmick of fries on everything meant fries on everything....including my salad. It was really gross to have these tasteless grease piles on my salad which I couldn't even eat. Although we were dining there the salad came in a plastic to-go box and pre-packaged dressing in a packet. The chicken was like tasteless rubber. We checked of the Primanti Bros box but won't be back.