Pittsburgh has good food.  Don't waste your time at the Fish Market.I stay in the Westin often and have had three meals at this spot in the past week.  The first was fine enough to get me to come back for a second trip.  The second time our waitress clearly was in no hurry to serve our three-person group in the 50% occupied restaurant.  The third time the chef's special coriander-crusted fluke came out as a couple slabs of tasteless fish coated in bread crumbs and oil and tossed onto a pile of dry couscous and they served me the wrong salad.Service: most of the staff here don't seem to respond well to ordinary social cues.  For instance standing at the podium for two minutes probably means I want to be seated not looked at and ignored by two different waitresses.  Or when I go to the bar to order takeout after I submit my order and wait for the server to tell me the wait time I don't expect him to leave me and start washing dishes.  I may stay at the Westin but I will exert extra effort to NOT eat there.Pittsburgh has good food.  Don't waste your time at the Fish Market.I stay in the Westin often and have had three meals at this spot in the past week.  The first was fine enough to get me to come back for a second trip.  The second time our waitress clearly was in no hurry to serve our three-person group in the 50% occupied restaurant.  The third time the chef's special coriander-crusted fluke came out as a couple slabs of tasteless fish coated in bread crumbs and oil and tossed onto a pile of dry couscous and they served me the wrong salad.Service: most of the staff here don't seem to respond well to ordinary social cues.  For instance standing at the podium for two minutes probably means I want to be seated not looked at and ignored by two different waitresses.  Or when I go to the bar to order takeout after I submit my order and wait for the server to tell me the wait time I don't expect him to leave me and start washing dishes.  I may stay at the Westin but I will exert extra effort to NOT eat there.