If you look at other reviews you will see that I am a very positive person but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It's not worth the headache.If you look at other reviews you will see that I am a very positive person but tonight was an utter disaster!!  We sat at the bar and the female bartender  was miserable. We ordered drinks and she was unhappy that we did.  She spent 20 minutes sending text messages and took 3 smoke brakes in one hour while our drinks were empty. We ordered appetizers and they never came out.  She actually brought us our check and we never got our food. By the way we were the only people at the bar.  Finally a bus boy brought us our food after we payed. We payed before our food came because we thought our table was ready. We finally got seated by the windows. Do not sit by the windows because it was very cold. We ordered our dinner and drinks and guess what no drinks. After our food came we asked about our drinks and the waiter said he forgot. Nothing was comped and no manager was available. This PF Changs needs new management!! We will never return. I will give it 2 stars because the food was great but the employees are absolutely miserably from hostess to waiters to bartenders. Steer clear until changes are made. It's not worth the headache.