OK so based off the recommendation of my date I thought  that I would like Legends North Shore but I left dinner disappointed and in need of a mint to mask the over abundance of garlic (salt) that I had consumed.This restaurant is in a prime location on the North Side and has plenty of opportunity to capitalize on the growth in the area. That said allow me to jump into some of the minuses:Beans and Greens appetizer - I love beans and greens but was shocked by the amount of garlic the chef added. Actually I don't think it was garlic...I believe it was garlic salt (a huge no-no) Don't get me wrong I love garlic but there was so much that it killed a simple rustic dish.Blackened Shrimp Pasta - My date and I shared this dish. This dish tasted as though an entire container of garlic salt had accidentally been dropped onto the plate before being served. The shrimp and pasta however were cooked well. Had the chef backed off the garlic he would have presented a more edible dinner. i was not in the mood to send this dish back to the kitchen but did call this out to the waitress once our meal concluded.The restaurant is cute in a great location and service is friendly and prompt. These are all important things to me but quality and taste takes precedence.  Unfortunately Legends just didn't do it for me.Would I go back? Most likely not. There are far too many other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh that I would like to give a try.OK so based off the recommendation of my date I thought  that I would like Legends North Shore but I left dinner disappointed and in need of a mint to mask the over abundance of garlic (salt) that I had consumed.This restaurant is in a prime location on the North Side and has plenty of opportunity to capitalize on the growth in the area. That said allow me to jump into some of the minuses:Beans and Greens appetizer - I love beans and greens but was shocked by the amount of garlic the chef added. Actually I don't think it was garlic...I believe it was garlic salt (a huge no-no) Don't get me wrong I love garlic but there was so much that it killed a simple rustic dish.Blackened Shrimp Pasta - My date and I shared this dish. This dish tasted as though an entire container of garlic salt had accidentally been dropped onto the plate before being served. The shrimp and pasta however were cooked well. Had the chef backed off the garlic he would have presented a more edible dinner. i was not in the mood to send this dish back to the kitchen but did call this out to the waitress once our meal concluded.The restaurant is cute in a great location and service is friendly and prompt. These are all important things to me but quality and taste takes precedence.  Unfortunately Legends just didn't do it for me.Would I go back? Most likely not. There are far too many other Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh that I would like to give a try.