I never ate here nor could have possibly gotten a drink no one would wait on me.My friend who wanted to be a socialite of some kind asked me to come with her. I don't know what she was thinking. Not my scene whatsoever! We had come from a free Devo concert. I was dressed in converses  a side pony tale and bright pink 80's garb. I have never seen so many idiots occupying one space. The chicks looked at me like I was an alien. Not everyone needs to wear 5 inch heels gobs of makeup and clothes that is so tight that your breathing is impaired just to get a little cleavage popping out of a minuscule ugly dress. I like fashion I love heals. It was the glassy vapid duplicates that I saw that made me give my friends a hug and kiss then seriously BOLT out the door! Super bad energy in this place. I jumped in the first cab I saw and headed to Lawrenceville. I didn't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there. Smoke bomb disappeared! She knew I would hate it but just didn't want to go alone. I was pissed.The night was not lost. My awesome fiends from LA (stunt man Curtze and Elvis impersonator slash gangster screen writer) met me out and we dive bar-ed the rest of the evening away. I meant to write friends but didn't change it because fiends haha... much more appropriate. I am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort. Some of my favorite people like Bossa Nova. Just stating my personal experience.I never ate here nor could have possibly gotten a drink no one would wait on me.My friend who wanted to be a socialite of some kind asked me to come with her. I don't know what she was thinking. Not my scene whatsoever! We had come from a free Devo concert. I was dressed in converses  a side pony tale and bright pink 80's garb. I have never seen so many idiots occupying one space. The chicks looked at me like I was an alien. Not everyone needs to wear 5 inch heels gobs of makeup and clothes that is so tight that your breathing is impaired just to get a little cleavage popping out of a minuscule ugly dress. I like fashion I love heals. It was the glassy vapid duplicates that I saw that made me give my friends a hug and kiss then seriously BOLT out the door! Super bad energy in this place. I jumped in the first cab I saw and headed to Lawrenceville. I didn't even say goodbye to the friend who had brought me there. Smoke bomb disappeared! She knew I would hate it but just didn't want to go alone. I was pissed.The night was not lost. My awesome fiends from LA (stunt man Curtze and Elvis impersonator slash gangster screen writer) met me out and we dive bar-ed the rest of the evening away. I meant to write friends but didn't change it because fiends haha... much more appropriate. I am not saying that people who like this place are any particular sort. Some of my favorite people like Bossa Nova. Just stating my personal experience.