Friends warned me not to eat here. Turns out they were GOOD friends. This was just awful start to finish. Slow (pitiful) service nasty food ( and we each sprung for the lobster roll -- if you can call it that!) and a generally miserable experience. And this was an early lunch with very few customers around. The only thing remotely redeemable was that we sat on the balcony overlooking Penn avenue and were entertained by the people below. People watching can be a blast. I wanted a draft beer and was told that we don't serve draft beer upstairs. What??? There's a bar there!! Are you kidding me?? So water it was and that took a long time to arrive. And without straws - another wait after I had the audacity to ask for them.  The lobster rolls arrived and looked mighty meager. That's not a lobster roll!! But I pressed on. As I got it closer to my mouth there was a slight aroma. But press on. The lobster was sparse tough and flavorless. How often could you say that about lobster??? Exactly!! It must have been harvested years ago and waited for me to show up so it could make its way out of the freezer. At $15 each this falls clearly into the ripoff category.  And trying to get our check? Ridiculous. I won't be back. Ever.Friends warned me not to eat here. Turns out they were GOOD friends. This was just awful start to finish. Slow (pitiful) service nasty food ( and we each sprung for the lobster roll -- if you can call it that!) and a generally miserable experience. And this was an early lunch with very few customers around. The only thing remotely redeemable was that we sat on the balcony overlooking Penn avenue and were entertained by the people below. People watching can be a blast. I wanted a draft beer and was told that we don't serve draft beer upstairs. What??? There's a bar there!! Are you kidding me?? So water it was and that took a long time to arrive. And without straws - another wait after I had the audacity to ask for them.  The lobster rolls arrived and looked mighty meager. That's not a lobster roll!! But I pressed on. As I got it closer to my mouth there was a slight aroma. But press on. The lobster was sparse tough and flavorless. How often could you say that about lobster??? Exactly!! It must have been harvested years ago and waited for me to show up so it could make its way out of the freezer. At $15 each this falls clearly into the ripoff category.  And trying to get our check? Ridiculous. I won't be back. Ever.