I was pretty disappointed by this experience. And I usually avoid hotel restaurants for this very reason but I was tired and I was staying at the Westin so here I am at the Original Fish Market...I sat at the bar and ordered dinner. The bartender was very friendly and made sure she was taking care of me. So props to her! I got a menu and a sushi menu. OK I'm pretty sure Pittsburg isn't the most awesome place for sushi but let's give it a shot! I started with the gumbo which came out warm and kind of bland. It wasn't good at all. And then I had a roll which was decent. And a spicy scallop roll. Now everyone has their own take on spicy scallop but this was by far the furthest from what I could imagine a spicy scallop roll could be. It was a small roll cut into 6 pieces (maki). It had a very small amount of raw scallops which didn't taste super fresh. Then the roll was topped with the spicy. I can't identify exactly the spices that were on top but I've had this type of spice combination on other Japanese dishes. So I know it's an off the shelf thing. Basically this was the worst roll I could imagine.So all-in-all the food was sub-par at best. And the entire menu was overpriced. I would definitely eat somewhere else if I had any energy at all. I'm sure the room service would have been better.I was pretty disappointed by this experience. And I usually avoid hotel restaurants for this very reason but I was tired and I was staying at the Westin so here I am at the Original Fish Market...I sat at the bar and ordered dinner. The bartender was very friendly and made sure she was taking care of me. So props to her! I got a menu and a sushi menu. OK I'm pretty sure Pittsburg isn't the most awesome place for sushi but let's give it a shot! I started with the gumbo which came out warm and kind of bland. It wasn't good at all. And then I had a roll which was decent. And a spicy scallop roll. Now everyone has their own take on spicy scallop but this was by far the furthest from what I could imagine a spicy scallop roll could be. It was a small roll cut into 6 pieces (maki). It had a very small amount of raw scallops which didn't taste super fresh. Then the roll was topped with the spicy. I can't identify exactly the spices that were on top but I've had this type of spice combination on other Japanese dishes. So I know it's an off the shelf thing. Basically this was the worst roll I could imagine.So all-in-all the food was sub-par at best. And the entire menu was overpriced. I would definitely eat somewhere else if I had any energy at all. I'm sure the room service would have been better.