Ugh if I could give this place -10 stars I would. What a nightmare. To start the first time I ate here I almost swallowed a giant shard of plastic that was in my salad. Then to my horror the bar tending goes whoops. and tosses it on the floor!! Fast forward a couple months I decide to give this place a second chance. (I must have been delirious from hunger.)First off the bar tender was rude slow as hell and terrible at making drinks. My friend and myself order our food and 20 min later out comes my friends food. After almost an hour of waiting I still had NO pizza. When I asked the cranky pants bar tender in the NICEST possible way where it was he just shrugged and walked away. I asked to speak to a manager and was told he was busy. Finally someone came to talk to me and after an hour and a half I got my shitty pizza. Thank you to the kitchen manager for doing his job and coming to talk to the customer. But to the bar tender working earlier New Year's Eve. You DO NOT DESERVE THIS JOB AND SHOULD BE FIRED.Ugh if I could give this place -10 stars I would. What a nightmare. To start the first time I ate here I almost swallowed a giant shard of plastic that was in my salad. Then to my horror the bar tending goes whoops. and tosses it on the floor!! Fast forward a couple months I decide to give this place a second chance. (I must have been delirious from hunger.)First off the bar tender was rude slow as hell and terrible at making drinks. My friend and myself order our food and 20 min later out comes my friends food. After almost an hour of waiting I still had NO pizza. When I asked the cranky pants bar tender in the NICEST possible way where it was he just shrugged and walked away. I asked to speak to a manager and was told he was busy. Finally someone came to talk to me and after an hour and a half I got my shitty pizza. Thank you to the kitchen manager for doing his job and coming to talk to the customer. But to the bar tender working earlier New Year's Eve. You DO NOT DESERVE THIS JOB AND SHOULD BE FIRED.