Here is our experience on my friend's daughter's birthday party:-I and my wife attended my friend's daughter's birthday party here recently. My friend mentioned that they finalized the menu for the lunch buffet a week in advance. The restaurant chef at the last moment on the day of party just one hour before lunch told that they did not get the PANEER/cheese. They can substitute it for MALAI KOFTA. It was unbelievable that they changed the dish at the last moment requested by my friends as 50% guests were vegetarian and hence need a cheese / PANEER entree. On the other hand the MALAI KOFTA was just POTATO in the gravy. The quality of food in this party was awfully bad. This is a humble request to all INDIAN Americans and all NON-INDIAN Americans that please don't throw your money by going to this restaurant. We are not here to misguide you or someone from a competitor restaurant. You can confirm these details with me anytime I am engineer by profession. I was thinking to host my son's birthday party over here next month but I am lucky to get an experience before hand. I will NEVER NEVER recommend this place EVER.Here is our experience on my friend's daughter's birthday party:-I and my wife attended my friend's daughter's birthday party here recently. My friend mentioned that they finalized the menu for the lunch buffet a week in advance. The restaurant chef at the last moment on the day of party just one hour before lunch told that they did not get the PANEER/cheese. They can substitute it for MALAI KOFTA. It was unbelievable that they changed the dish at the last moment requested by my friends as 50% guests were vegetarian and hence need a cheese / PANEER entree. On the other hand the MALAI KOFTA was just POTATO in the gravy. The quality of food in this party was awfully bad. This is a humble request to all INDIAN Americans and all NON-INDIAN Americans that please don't throw your money by going to this restaurant. We are not here to misguide you or someone from a competitor restaurant. You can confirm these details with me anytime I am engineer by profession. I was thinking to host my son's birthday party over here next month but I am lucky to get an experience before hand. I will NEVER NEVER recommend this place EVER.