So our intentions were to eat at the Indian place across the street however a lady ran across the street and started rattling off the menu as we were walking. At first I liked her moxy but soon realized that if this is how they need to bring in customers we may be in trouble. Another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in. Our dinner conversation was constantly interrupted by the servers yelling across the street and on the side walk at potential customers. Now on to the food:I ordered the chicken kabob. Very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled. I didn't finish it.  The rice was good and the side veggies weren't bad. The spinach pie was ok. They will ask would you like hummus to snack on before your meal. This is not free or included. I figured this so I wasn't caught off guard. Some people I could see will be surprised at the end when they get the bill. My wife got the lamb kabob. Bland again and very chewy. It didn't taste fresh almost frozen at one point and microwaved. The cheese pie was pretty bad.Hummus was ok. 2 stars for the food3 stars for service1 star for the experience with yelling and fishing for customers. Seems like they may be in trouble financially and could be cutting corners to stay afloat. I will not go again. Alihan's next door is amazing I recommend them over Christo's every day.So our intentions were to eat at the Indian place across the street however a lady ran across the street and started rattling off the menu as we were walking. At first I liked her moxy but soon realized that if this is how they need to bring in customers we may be in trouble. Another mistake was sitting outside when they are trying to bring people in. Our dinner conversation was constantly interrupted by the servers yelling across the street and on the side walk at potential customers. Now on to the food:I ordered the chicken kabob. Very bland and it actually tasted baked not grilled. I didn't finish it.  The rice was good and the side veggies weren't bad. The spinach pie was ok. They will ask would you like hummus to snack on before your meal. This is not free or included. I figured this so I wasn't caught off guard. Some people I could see will be surprised at the end when they get the bill. My wife got the lamb kabob. Bland again and very chewy. It didn't taste fresh almost frozen at one point and microwaved. The cheese pie was pretty bad.Hummus was ok. 2 stars for the food3 stars for service1 star for the experience with yelling and fishing for customers. Seems like they may be in trouble financially and could be cutting corners to stay afloat. I will not go again. Alihan's next door is amazing I recommend them over Christo's every day.