You get what you pay for. Cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal. When stepping into the restaurant the first thing I noticed were glass cases storing food. It had the feel of a cafeteria or at best a deli at a gas station convenient store. Not feeling adventurous I got the gyro meal which is a good deal. The fries were cooked to perfection but lacked flavor. I had to dump salt on them which is never a good thing unless you as for unsalted fries. The gyro itself was mediocre. The ingredients inside were fresh and made to order but I did have to use a knife and fork to eat it as the pita was just a bit too small of the large mass of the contents. The slice of chocolate cake while a descent size was rather tasteless. The icing was pretty good but the cake itself had almost no flavor perhaps freezer burn. It did seem as if the cake had been frozen. I also felt like the harried girl taking orders behind the counter was overworked. She apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables. I kind of felt bad for her. Overall I'd go here if I worked a block away and only had a half hour lunch break. Quick and cheap as a fast food joint but not delicious enough as a dinner.You get what you pay for. Cheap gyro combo = cheap tasting meal. When stepping into the restaurant the first thing I noticed were glass cases storing food. It had the feel of a cafeteria or at best a deli at a gas station convenient store. Not feeling adventurous I got the gyro meal which is a good deal. The fries were cooked to perfection but lacked flavor. I had to dump salt on them which is never a good thing unless you as for unsalted fries. The gyro itself was mediocre. The ingredients inside were fresh and made to order but I did have to use a knife and fork to eat it as the pita was just a bit too small of the large mass of the contents. The slice of chocolate cake while a descent size was rather tasteless. The icing was pretty good but the cake itself had almost no flavor perhaps freezer burn. It did seem as if the cake had been frozen. I also felt like the harried girl taking orders behind the counter was overworked. She apparently had no time to take a wet cloth the the tables. I kind of felt bad for her. Overall I'd go here if I worked a block away and only had a half hour lunch break. Quick and cheap as a fast food joint but not delicious enough as a dinner.