I went to Pino's with my three other friends for Restaurant Week and was underwhelmed and completely disappointed. We chose an option for each course of  the very limited Restaurant Week menu. I selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer Lazy Man lasagna Florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert. Baked eggplant caprese: the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess. Lazy Man Lasagna Florentine: it was essentially two huge lasagna noodles sandwiching huge clumps of spinach (I'm talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach) with a few mushrooms peppered in. The spinach ratio was out of control and I honestly ate a few bites and couldn't even continue. Panna cotta: this was the most decent of the items we ordered.My friend ordered off the regular menu which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time?? Why? We tried my friend's appetizer of the Italian Fries which are described on the menu as sounding very similar to the amazing fries at Point Brugge...but it was just a bowl of regular French fries which were lackluster and misleading. She also got the house soup with chickpeas and it looked like Spaghetti-o's and tasted even worse.I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money and I will never ever go back there.I went to Pino's with my three other friends for Restaurant Week and was underwhelmed and completely disappointed. We chose an option for each course of  the very limited Restaurant Week menu. I selected the baked eggplant caprese appetizer Lazy Man lasagna Florentine and then the panna cotta for dessert. Baked eggplant caprese: the breaded eggplant was a soggy mess. Lazy Man Lasagna Florentine: it was essentially two huge lasagna noodles sandwiching huge clumps of spinach (I'm talking like a 3-inch high pile of clumped spinach) with a few mushrooms peppered in. The spinach ratio was out of control and I honestly ate a few bites and couldn't even continue. Panna cotta: this was the most decent of the items we ordered.My friend ordered off the regular menu which she advised not to do since her food would come out at a different time?? Why? We tried my friend's appetizer of the Italian Fries which are described on the menu as sounding very similar to the amazing fries at Point Brugge...but it was just a bowl of regular French fries which were lackluster and misleading. She also got the house soup with chickpeas and it looked like Spaghetti-o's and tasted even worse.I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. There was not one thing we ate that was impressive in any way. All of it was overpriced and below mediocre. I wasted my money and I will never ever go back there.