STAY AWAY...We've been 3 times over the past few years each time we say let's try it again followed by wish we'd done something else.Reminds me of the movie line Run away run very far awayLast nite after Steelers/Jets was last straw. I hope the owner or general manager reads this. And think the health department should too.Service is mediocre and slow. consistently. Waitress was ok in attitude.After our soup starter (good french onion soup) we waited and waited and waited and waited for our mains. Noticing us staring at her waitress stopped by went into kitchen came back and said we were next. my watch said 8:31. Then her manager came by and argued with me and said we were next then at 8:52pm the horrible food finally arrived. That's 21 minutes to be next. In that time we watched 4 tables turn from being seated to drinks to mains to check down while we waited for our main. Manager embarrassed himself. Said they were busy and working our food and he had checked and would come soon. I told him about the 4 tables turning and he said no they didn't. then I said I used to manage restaurants and know what customer service and ticket times are and he challenged me and said no I didn;t and I had no idea what I was talking about. What an idiot! First rule of restaurant business is the customer is always right.Then the food arrived. How hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms seriously? It was two soggy fried chicken tenders from the deep fryer (not pan sauteed) over a bowl of bowtie pasta with shrooms and a sauce. While the sauce did have some marsala in it it was full of sour cream and tasted like stroganoff and a little funny. The Penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor. We were so hungry we ate most and left.1 hour later I was sick on the side of the road from the dinner and still feel really rough this morning.STAY AWAY...We've been 3 times over the past few years each time we say let's try it again followed by wish we'd done something else.Reminds me of the movie line Run away run very far awayLast nite after Steelers/Jets was last straw. I hope the owner or general manager reads this. And think the health department should too.Service is mediocre and slow. consistently. Waitress was ok in attitude.After our soup starter (good french onion soup) we waited and waited and waited and waited for our mains. Noticing us staring at her waitress stopped by went into kitchen came back and said we were next. my watch said 8:31. Then her manager came by and argued with me and said we were next then at 8:52pm the horrible food finally arrived. That's 21 minutes to be next. In that time we watched 4 tables turn from being seated to drinks to mains to check down while we waited for our main. Manager embarrassed himself. Said they were busy and working our food and he had checked and would come soon. I told him about the 4 tables turning and he said no they didn't. then I said I used to manage restaurants and know what customer service and ticket times are and he challenged me and said no I didn;t and I had no idea what I was talking about. What an idiot! First rule of restaurant business is the customer is always right.Then the food arrived. How hard is it to do chicken marsala with mushrooms seriously? It was two soggy fried chicken tenders from the deep fryer (not pan sauteed) over a bowl of bowtie pasta with shrooms and a sauce. While the sauce did have some marsala in it it was full of sour cream and tasted like stroganoff and a little funny. The Penne ala vodka was sauteed canned tomatoes and no flavor. We were so hungry we ate most and left.1 hour later I was sick on the side of the road from the dinner and still feel really rough this morning.