Someone please change the cooking oil!! With the construction on Rt. 51 it has been a very long time since I decided to put up with the craziness that makes up this intersection. A nagging for fried fish however sent my daughter and me to this LJS. Mistake number 1 was ignoring the deserted parking lot. Mistake number 2 was placing an order at the drive thru and eating our 2 piece fish and more dinners after the smell of old cooking oil put a damper on our nagging for fried fish.The service at the drive thru was friendly the girl at the window friendly but the smell of old cooking oil not so much. Not a soul in sight at this LJS. Yes there are other places to get great fried fish and after our experience perhaps it's time to let this LJS walk the plank off our list. The fish was edible not the usual crunchy crumbly LJS fish. The hush puppies were soggy from either drowning in old oil too long or sitting under heat lamps too long. The fries endured the same sad torture as the others. Cheap yes but not worth the money or Rt. 51 traffic anymore.Someone please change the cooking oil!! With the construction on Rt. 51 it has been a very long time since I decided to put up with the craziness that makes up this intersection. A nagging for fried fish however sent my daughter and me to this LJS. Mistake number 1 was ignoring the deserted parking lot. Mistake number 2 was placing an order at the drive thru and eating our 2 piece fish and more dinners after the smell of old cooking oil put a damper on our nagging for fried fish.The service at the drive thru was friendly the girl at the window friendly but the smell of old cooking oil not so much. Not a soul in sight at this LJS. Yes there are other places to get great fried fish and after our experience perhaps it's time to let this LJS walk the plank off our list. The fish was edible not the usual crunchy crumbly LJS fish. The hush puppies were soggy from either drowning in old oil too long or sitting under heat lamps too long. The fries endured the same sad torture as the others. Cheap yes but not worth the money or Rt. 51 traffic anymore.