So many people have raved about this place so I was so excited to bring my husband for his birthday. We were greeted by friendly staff and walked through the room that smelled of wonderful steak. We were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable. Everything was fine until we got the food which was disappointing. I ordered off the special menu and had the corn chowder a filet and lobster tail a side of creamed spinach and dessert for about $55. My husband had the cowboy ribeye for $65 the scallops to start and a side of brussel sprouts. The corn chowder was ok but not very hot. The scallops which came recommended were ok but they were on a pesto sauce which was simply too overpowering for the delicate scallop. We used the pesto to dip the bread in. The steaks came and were both overcooked. They were supposed to be medium rare but my filet was well done and his was more like medium. We should have complained but we decided to just eat bc we didn't want to wait and didn't think that they would be less well done since they come on a scorching hot plate. My husband liked the brussel sprouts but my creamed spinach was not hot and was stringy. Again the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly. I booked on opentable and told them that it was his birthday and they did bring him a complimentary dessert. I prefer Morton's Ditkas and Peter Luger's.So many people have raved about this place so I was so excited to bring my husband for his birthday. We were greeted by friendly staff and walked through the room that smelled of wonderful steak. We were seated and our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable. Everything was fine until we got the food which was disappointing. I ordered off the special menu and had the corn chowder a filet and lobster tail a side of creamed spinach and dessert for about $55. My husband had the cowboy ribeye for $65 the scallops to start and a side of brussel sprouts. The corn chowder was ok but not very hot. The scallops which came recommended were ok but they were on a pesto sauce which was simply too overpowering for the delicate scallop. We used the pesto to dip the bread in. The steaks came and were both overcooked. They were supposed to be medium rare but my filet was well done and his was more like medium. We should have complained but we decided to just eat bc we didn't want to wait and didn't think that they would be less well done since they come on a scorching hot plate. My husband liked the brussel sprouts but my creamed spinach was not hot and was stringy. Again the food was mediocre but the staff was extremely friendly. I booked on opentable and told them that it was his birthday and they did bring him a complimentary dessert. I prefer Morton's Ditkas and Peter Luger's.