Whatever happened to this place?  Seriously.  I remember when you couldn't even get in the door.  Now I walk in and feel like walking right back out.Overall I've got no complaints about the food.  I think it's average and priced well.  The lasagna is top notch.  And having a private lot in the Strip District is nice.  I usually dine in but on my last two trips I was placing an order to go.  After the first time I should have learned my lesson and called ahead.  Never again.The first time I walked in and went to the bar area (as directed by the sign at the hostess station not an actual person) to place my to go order.  But there was no one there.  It's funny because waiters walk through the bar area and even use the bar to get drinks.  But it seems they don't like to actually wait on customers or even make eye contact.  After waiting way too long to even be acknowledged my order was taken.  The waiter who ended up helping me Andrae apologized at least and was very nice.  I asked for two salads and he was happy to accomodate.  But then I waited again.  I'm not sure why my food took so long but Andrae knew I had been waiting and threw in some extra bread.  Despite the wait at least I felt like I Andrae took an interest in making sure I was taken care of and his apology was sincere.  Skip to the second time.  While I had bad memories of my last visit I was hoping it was an isolated incident and gave Spaghetti Warehouse the benefit of the doubt.  Except....things were worst.  I start to wonder if there is ever an actual bartender.  But as I'm sitting at the bar waiting once again for achknowledgement from an employee there was not one but two managers conducting interviews in the bar area.  While this is happening several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks.  Not one even looks in my direction let alone ask if I need something.  I didn't want to be rude and interrupt the interviews being conducted but after a good ten minutes of waiting I went to the hostess stand at the entrance.  I waited a minute or two before one of the waitresses who previously ignored me came out.  I was a little salty with her I'll admit.  I explained that I had been waiting at the bar as the sign says but no one was there to take my order.  She said she could take my order and again I was directed to wait at the bar.  Back at the bar their interviews over I spoke up to one of the managers about how I had been ignored.  She apologized and said she thought someone had waited on me.  She then offered to take my order which I told her was unnecessary because I had placed it with a waitress at the hostess stand.  A few minutes later the manager came up to tell me that she had deducted $10 from my bill and apologized again.  I wasn't expecting that but at least it was an admission of their poor customer service.  However when I received my to-go bag I only found one salad and one loaf of bread.I guess what I'm trying to say is....beware when placing to-go orders.  It's probably best to call ahead.  The service here is hit or miss on a daily basis but definitely beyond a miss when trying to get food to go.Whatever happened to this place?  Seriously.  I remember when you couldn't even get in the door.  Now I walk in and feel like walking right back out.Overall I've got no complaints about the food.  I think it's average and priced well.  The lasagna is top notch.  And having a private lot in the Strip District is nice.  I usually dine in but on my last two trips I was placing an order to go.  After the first time I should have learned my lesson and called ahead.  Never again.The first time I walked in and went to the bar area (as directed by the sign at the hostess station not an actual person) to place my to go order.  But there was no one there.  It's funny because waiters walk through the bar area and even use the bar to get drinks.  But it seems they don't like to actually wait on customers or even make eye contact.  After waiting way too long to even be acknowledged my order was taken.  The waiter who ended up helping me Andrae apologized at least and was very nice.  I asked for two salads and he was happy to accomodate.  But then I waited again.  I'm not sure why my food took so long but Andrae knew I had been waiting and threw in some extra bread.  Despite the wait at least I felt like I Andrae took an interest in making sure I was taken care of and his apology was sincere.  Skip to the second time.  While I had bad memories of my last visit I was hoping it was an isolated incident and gave Spaghetti Warehouse the benefit of the doubt.  Except....things were worst.  I start to wonder if there is ever an actual bartender.  But as I'm sitting at the bar waiting once again for achknowledgement from an employee there was not one but two managers conducting interviews in the bar area.  While this is happening several waitresses come to the bar to get drinks.  Not one even looks in my direction let alone ask if I need something.  I didn't want to be rude and interrupt the interviews being conducted but after a good ten minutes of waiting I went to the hostess stand at the entrance.  I waited a minute or two before one of the waitresses who previously ignored me came out.  I was a little salty with her I'll admit.  I explained that I had been waiting at the bar as the sign says but no one was there to take my order.  She said she could take my order and again I was directed to wait at the bar.  Back at the bar their interviews over I spoke up to one of the managers about how I had been ignored.  She apologized and said she thought someone had waited on me.  She then offered to take my order which I told her was unnecessary because I had placed it with a waitress at the hostess stand.  A few minutes later the manager came up to tell me that she had deducted $10 from my bill and apologized again.  I wasn't expecting that but at least it was an admission of their poor customer service.  However when I received my to-go bag I only found one salad and one loaf of bread.I guess what I'm trying to say is....beware when placing to-go orders.  It's probably best to call ahead.  The service here is hit or miss on a daily basis but definitely beyond a miss when trying to get food to go.