I've lived in Pittsburgh for what feels like forever and in all of that time I guess I've never been to the Strip District on a Monday. We didn't realize most of the restaurants are closed on Mondays. Tried Thin Man closed. Luke Wholey's closed. We read some less than appealing outdoor menus of a few spots and settled on Roland's Seafood Grill for lunch because they were open and had a sign out front raving about their signature warm Lobster Rolls for $14.99. Ok we were game.We've driven hours off the beaten path in Maine for amazing Lobster Rolls at Red's Eats which sets the standard for what all lobster rolls should be. Massive amounts of fresh lobster piled on top of the bun and drawn butter to dip the excess mound of lobster in is a mouth watering delight! That couldn't be farther from what you get served at Roland's. The bun was Mancini's so good start. The lobster was an odd orange color that's not what fresh lobster looks like at all. Nothing was heaped over the bun at all but honestly after tasting it that part was ok. Combination of a few fresher tasting pieces some rubbery pieces and some dry pieces that literally could have been any fish. I skipped the fries which didn't look all that great on hubby's plate and there was the tiniest container of coleslaw ever as a side that was actually pretty good. Considering I skipped the fries shouldn't the server have asked if I wanted extra coleslaw knowing it was going to be minuscule? The upstairs patio was really nice overlooking Penn Ave. and I hear they have a decent happy hour with terrific specials on fresh oysters and beer at the bar. I may give this place another shot based on that but never again on their lobster roll.I've lived in Pittsburgh for what feels like forever and in all of that time I guess I've never been to the Strip District on a Monday. We didn't realize most of the restaurants are closed on Mondays. Tried Thin Man closed. Luke Wholey's closed. We read some less than appealing outdoor menus of a few spots and settled on Roland's Seafood Grill for lunch because they were open and had a sign out front raving about their signature warm Lobster Rolls for $14.99. Ok we were game.We've driven hours off the beaten path in Maine for amazing Lobster Rolls at Red's Eats which sets the standard for what all lobster rolls should be. Massive amounts of fresh lobster piled on top of the bun and drawn butter to dip the excess mound of lobster in is a mouth watering delight! That couldn't be farther from what you get served at Roland's. The bun was Mancini's so good start. The lobster was an odd orange color that's not what fresh lobster looks like at all. Nothing was heaped over the bun at all but honestly after tasting it that part was ok. Combination of a few fresher tasting pieces some rubbery pieces and some dry pieces that literally could have been any fish. I skipped the fries which didn't look all that great on hubby's plate and there was the tiniest container of coleslaw ever as a side that was actually pretty good. Considering I skipped the fries shouldn't the server have asked if I wanted extra coleslaw knowing it was going to be minuscule? The upstairs patio was really nice overlooking Penn Ave. and I hear they have a decent happy hour with terrific specials on fresh oysters and beer at the bar. I may give this place another shot based on that but never again on their lobster roll.