The pizza was fine. My issue is that if you aren't like other pizza places with your pricing you should maybe tell me that when I call to order a medium with two toppings. We ended up with a $36 pizza that will take us days to eat when I THOUGHT I ordered a medium with pepperoni and sausage on half. All young kids working there. No professionalism. No explaination of anything. 50 cents per slice for every topping? Well yeah we got 14 slices so do the math. NOT a medium. Boxed up horribly so on our 3 minute ride home the box was leaking grease out of the corner. I was so upset over spending nearly $40 on something that I thought would be cheap and easy I couldn't even enjoy the pizza. Its just whatever pizza anyway. Save your money and go to Slice on Broadway. 1/3 of the price  staff is wonderful  and they have a liquor license and fair prices. Slice should get half the publicity this place gets. Never mind that I've lived in Pittsburgh all my life and have never heard of Betos until I moved 3 streets behind it. NOT a Pittsburgh institution.The pizza was fine. My issue is that if you aren't like other pizza places with your pricing you should maybe tell me that when I call to order a medium with two toppings. We ended up with a $36 pizza that will take us days to eat when I THOUGHT I ordered a medium with pepperoni and sausage on half. All young kids working there. No professionalism. No explaination of anything. 50 cents per slice for every topping? Well yeah we got 14 slices so do the math. NOT a medium. Boxed up horribly so on our 3 minute ride home the box was leaking grease out of the corner. I was so upset over spending nearly $40 on something that I thought would be cheap and easy I couldn't even enjoy the pizza. Its just whatever pizza anyway. Save your money and go to Slice on Broadway. 1/3 of the price  staff is wonderful  and they have a liquor license and fair prices. Slice should get half the publicity this place gets. Never mind that I've lived in Pittsburgh all my life and have never heard of Betos until I moved 3 streets behind it. NOT a Pittsburgh institution.