I went to Lidia's this past week for dinner with a group of 6 friends. The service was one of the worst I have ever had. The waitress was rude to us from the minute we didn't order alcohol to the second we signed our bills. We politely asked at the time of placing our orders if it would be possible to have separate checks. It's a group of people having dinner together who carries cash anymore?  Waitstaff should expect to be asked for separate checks. I understand it makes for a bit more work to run a few more cards at the end of the meal but when the waitress disdainfully states I can do that but you will just have to be patient with me at the end of your meal as separate checks cannot disrupt the service of my other tables. it is a big indication of how the rest of the evening would go. If she gave as much inattention to her other tables as she did to ours no one would have even noticed she was taking a few extra minutes running separate checks. We rarely saw our waitress except when she needed to sell us food. Thank goodness for the other staff that were available to refill our drinks our bread and our pasta. Otherwise I think we would still be sitting there 4 days later with empty glasses and stomachs!Speaking of empty stomachs-I wish I hadn't filled my stomach and emptied my wallet with the food we were served. I ordered the pasta trio. The salad was good and unfortunately the best part of my meal.  I was excited to try the 3 pastas when they came out. But that excitement quickly disappeared as I took a few bites. Seriously?!  A revered Italian restaurant serving overdone pasta?!  It was the most bland arrabiatta sauce I have ever had. The jarred stuff I have in my cabinet at home has a 100 times more flavor than this and I don't even serve that over such limp noodles as what this place did. The pesto sauce on the gnocchi was good but again the pasta was well past it's doneness. The best pasta was the gemmeli with the sausage/broccoli rabe sauce but it was extremely oversalted and left my mouth feeling like it does after I've eaten too much ham on Easter. I had high hopes that dessert would salvage this meal!  Unfortunately those hopes were dashed when we ordered the nutella custard that was to come with caramel bananas. The waitress said that they didn't have bananas for it because their shipment they had received that day were too green. The restaurant is in The Strip District!! Go down a few blocks to Stan's Market and buy ripe bananas to serve with your dessert!  She was going to serve a custard with nothing else until my friend suggested that they use strawberries that were listed on another dessert as a substitute.  The dessert was good but I would have definitely preferred bananas over the strawberries we ended up with. Lidia's had been on my list of restaurants to try ever since it opened years ago. I can now mark it off my list and never return. Between the waitress's attitude towards us all night to the quality of our meals it was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. So disappointed!I went to Lidia's this past week for dinner with a group of 6 friends. The service was one of the worst I have ever had. The waitress was rude to us from the minute we didn't order alcohol to the second we signed our bills. We politely asked at the time of placing our orders if it would be possible to have separate checks. It's a group of people having dinner together who carries cash anymore?  Waitstaff should expect to be asked for separate checks. I understand it makes for a bit more work to run a few more cards at the end of the meal but when the waitress disdainfully states I can do that but you will just have to be patient with me at the end of your meal as separate checks cannot disrupt the service of my other tables. it is a big indication of how the rest of the evening would go. If she gave as much inattention to her other tables as she did to ours no one would have even noticed she was taking a few extra minutes running separate checks. We rarely saw our waitress except when she needed to sell us food. Thank goodness for the other staff that were available to refill our drinks our bread and our pasta. Otherwise I think we would still be sitting there 4 days later with empty glasses and stomachs!Speaking of empty stomachs-I wish I hadn't filled my stomach and emptied my wallet with the food we were served. I ordered the pasta trio. The salad was good and unfortunately the best part of my meal.  I was excited to try the 3 pastas when they came out. But that excitement quickly disappeared as I took a few bites. Seriously?!  A revered Italian restaurant serving overdone pasta?!  It was the most bland arrabiatta sauce I have ever had. The jarred stuff I have in my cabinet at home has a 100 times more flavor than this and I don't even serve that over such limp noodles as what this place did. The pesto sauce on the gnocchi was good but again the pasta was well past it's doneness. The best pasta was the gemmeli with the sausage/broccoli rabe sauce but it was extremely oversalted and left my mouth feeling like it does after I've eaten too much ham on Easter. I had high hopes that dessert would salvage this meal!  Unfortunately those hopes were dashed when we ordered the nutella custard that was to come with caramel bananas. The waitress said that they didn't have bananas for it because their shipment they had received that day were too green. The restaurant is in The Strip District!! Go down a few blocks to Stan's Market and buy ripe bananas to serve with your dessert!  She was going to serve a custard with nothing else until my friend suggested that they use strawberries that were listed on another dessert as a substitute.  The dessert was good but I would have definitely preferred bananas over the strawberries we ended up with. Lidia's had been on my list of restaurants to try ever since it opened years ago. I can now mark it off my list and never return. Between the waitress's attitude towards us all night to the quality of our meals it was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. So disappointed!