First off had my boyfriend not told me that every topping on the pizza was cold (including the cheese!) I would have never known. They should really have an illuminated sign that advises the customers. I'm sure you have gathered that this pizza is kind of presented exactly like frozen pizza from the store except the bread is cooked. I think the appeal to this place is that it is different - Some people go to restaurants where you can cook your own food because it's different but the fact of the matter is that when I go out to eat I don't expect to cook it myself and I don't expect it to come half cooked. Had this pizza been cooked I feel like it would be subpar. The crust was very crispy and the sauce was a standard tomato (no extra hints of basil or pepper). The peperoni reminded me of the peperoni that comes in Lunchables - actually the whole pizza reminded me of a Lunchable (except a pie made of 28 cuts is $35.28 with $.50 per topping a CUT!) To be fair each cut is $1.30 and you only need 3-4 to really really be full.  They really lay on the toppings - about an inch of cheese 20 slices of peperoni and a handful of banana peppers for just two cuts with toppings. I feel that you really need to be in the mood for Betos before you go there. When I am in the mood for pizza I am heading for the flowing stringy cheese and the flavors melting together before it hits my mouth. I would eat here again if I get the craving - some people in the restaurant had ordered other menu items that looked to be pretty good. I wouldn't take somewhere here as a Pittsburgh Destination though. There is about 10 tables in the restaurant (booths/tables) ... clean/reputable.First off had my boyfriend not told me that every topping on the pizza was cold (including the cheese!) I would have never known. They should really have an illuminated sign that advises the customers. I'm sure you have gathered that this pizza is kind of presented exactly like frozen pizza from the store except the bread is cooked. I think the appeal to this place is that it is different - Some people go to restaurants where you can cook your own food because it's different but the fact of the matter is that when I go out to eat I don't expect to cook it myself and I don't expect it to come half cooked. Had this pizza been cooked I feel like it would be subpar. The crust was very crispy and the sauce was a standard tomato (no extra hints of basil or pepper). The peperoni reminded me of the peperoni that comes in Lunchables - actually the whole pizza reminded me of a Lunchable (except a pie made of 28 cuts is $35.28 with $.50 per topping a CUT!) To be fair each cut is $1.30 and you only need 3-4 to really really be full.  They really lay on the toppings - about an inch of cheese 20 slices of peperoni and a handful of banana peppers for just two cuts with toppings. I feel that you really need to be in the mood for Betos before you go there. When I am in the mood for pizza I am heading for the flowing stringy cheese and the flavors melting together before it hits my mouth. I would eat here again if I get the craving - some people in the restaurant had ordered other menu items that looked to be pretty good. I wouldn't take somewhere here as a Pittsburgh Destination though. There is about 10 tables in the restaurant (booths/tables) ... clean/reputable.