I hated it! First when I reach there the server showed me a table at the door. I asked for another location because it was cold... His answer.... Why? followed with an arrogant face!!! OK!!!! We finally sited in another place.... The salad came... It was ok... Nothing special... The entree... Please.... I can cook better... The lamb was sooo ordinary... Since I was in Pittsburgh for a meeting I ask to the same old gentleman that was serving us for a itemized ticket ( to be reimbursed by university). Whole sh....!!!! His answer: this is the receipt I can give you nothing else! You can write by yourself what you ate and show to them.... The only restaurant that gave me so rude unprofessional answer ever!!!! It is not everything... I just took my things and I was moving out when the same gentleman say loud: THE TIP WAS NOT INCLUDE!!!! Oh my god.... Should I really tell him how much he deserved? But I took a deep breath and some bucks from my pocket and give to him... Saying sorry with my mouth but shov.... it!!!! With my eyes!!!! Please if you go to there... Cross the street you find a nice Indian cuisine. Five steps ahead Cambodian. Three steps back a nice cafe. Better Six Penn at the corner...I hated it! First when I reach there the server showed me a table at the door. I asked for another location because it was cold... His answer.... Why? followed with an arrogant face!!! OK!!!! We finally sited in another place.... The salad came... It was ok... Nothing special... The entree... Please.... I can cook better... The lamb was sooo ordinary... Since I was in Pittsburgh for a meeting I ask to the same old gentleman that was serving us for a itemized ticket ( to be reimbursed by university). Whole sh....!!!! His answer: this is the receipt I can give you nothing else! You can write by yourself what you ate and show to them.... The only restaurant that gave me so rude unprofessional answer ever!!!! It is not everything... I just took my things and I was moving out when the same gentleman say loud: THE TIP WAS NOT INCLUDE!!!! Oh my god.... Should I really tell him how much he deserved? But I took a deep breath and some bucks from my pocket and give to him... Saying sorry with my mouth but shov.... it!!!! With my eyes!!!! Please if you go to there... Cross the street you find a nice Indian cuisine. Five steps ahead Cambodian. Three steps back a nice cafe. Better Six Penn at the corner...