This is the WORST Hibachi I have ever had.  We came here for a friends birthday and I will never be going back. Service was mediocre but the food was the real travesty.You go to Hibachi for a show but it's not fun when the cook makes the SAME Giant Eagle joke the entire time.  He also couldn't perform all the tricks that are pretty standard from Hibachi chefs.  The food. Not good.  My boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle.  He didn't bother to have the guy heat it more b/c it would have just been a hassle.  The chef forgot one friends meal completely and got rude with the server.  Then after everything was cooked he looked at me and asked did you eat all your shrimp. I replied no you never served me any. (I had ordered the chicken and shrimp.)  He then sends the server back into the kitchen to get more. By the time they were cooked everyone was finished eating.  Come on.  To make matters worse when we left we saw that he was the head chef. That doesn't say too much for the rest of them. I don't know how people keep coming here.  There is WAY better hibachi in Pittsburgh for a lot less money.  I mean honestly I paid $9.50 for a glass of Kendall Jackson. No. The best part of the meal were the cupcakes that my friend brought.  Do your wallet and your stomach a favor and go to a different Hibachi place.  Benihana is not worth your time or money.This is the WORST Hibachi I have ever had.  We came here for a friends birthday and I will never be going back. Service was mediocre but the food was the real travesty.You go to Hibachi for a show but it's not fun when the cook makes the SAME Giant Eagle joke the entire time.  He also couldn't perform all the tricks that are pretty standard from Hibachi chefs.  The food. Not good.  My boyfriend ordered tofu and it was cold in the middle.  He didn't bother to have the guy heat it more b/c it would have just been a hassle.  The chef forgot one friends meal completely and got rude with the server.  Then after everything was cooked he looked at me and asked did you eat all your shrimp. I replied no you never served me any. (I had ordered the chicken and shrimp.)  He then sends the server back into the kitchen to get more. By the time they were cooked everyone was finished eating.  Come on.  To make matters worse when we left we saw that he was the head chef. That doesn't say too much for the rest of them. I don't know how people keep coming here.  There is WAY better hibachi in Pittsburgh for a lot less money.  I mean honestly I paid $9.50 for a glass of Kendall Jackson. No. The best part of the meal were the cupcakes that my friend brought.  Do your wallet and your stomach a favor and go to a different Hibachi place.  Benihana is not worth your time or money.