I wasn't expecting 4 star service. We walked in and had to wait 5 minutes before one of the servers noticed us since the hostess wasn't at her post. He took us to the banquet room and seated us at the last table in the front. The tables had plastic table cloths that have seen better days ours had holes in it and still had some caked on super stain sauce in one area. Then we waited 20 minutes before our waitress came to greet us. She took our drink order and our dinner order. (pretty simple since it was a prix fix menu with only choices for soup or salad and a choice of ham or turkey and either Apple or Pumpkin Pie). She brought the drinks right away. Then 10 minutes for the salad/soup -- very tasty but no rolls were delivered to go with and no sign of the waitress. One of the employees goes out the emergency exit door located directly behind me (BLAST OF COLD AIR) Only after finishing the first course did she bring the rolls/butter and didn't clear the dirty plates. Another 15 minutes passed before the waitress stopped by the table and cleared the dirty dishes. (THE HOSTESS COMES IN FROM OUTSIDE THROUGH THE DOOR WITH A BLAST OF COLD AIR) A minute later she came by and said our main course would be along in a minute and she proceeded to go out the door directly behind me. (MORE COLD AIR) The main course was delivered by a food runner. The turkey was tasty and just a little on the dry side and needed more gravy but there was no sign of our waitress to even ask for more gravy. Eating as slowly as possible so as to have the opportunity to get gravy for the turkey there simply was no attention paid to us. (ANOTHER EMPLOYEE GOES THROUGH THE DOOR MORE COLD AIR) Finally the waitress comes over and asks how was it I explain that the cold air is too much to handle. THE EMPLOYEE WHO WENT OUT CAME BACK IN AND WE ALL GET BLASTED BY COLD AIR. She replies it is what it is and shrugs and walks away. She must have said something to the manager because he comes over to ask how our meal was. I reply that it was just OK that the food was good for the most part (he gave a shocked reply because I didn't say it was great) but that I was disturbed with the number of times the employees kept using the door to go outside to smoke. He seemed shocked to learn that that door was being used at all and said he'd put a stop to it. We said that we usually tip 100% on holiday meals like this since the workers have to give up a day with their family but that since the staff didn't seem to care as much about us so we would not be doing 100% tip this time. I explained that we don't expect any kind of comp but that he needed to know that his employees were making the dining room uncomfortable by using the emergency exit for their smoke breaks and social encounters. He said he was sorry for our experience and left the table. Our waitress eventually stopped by and we requested our pie packed to go. She delivered the pie and the bill at the same time. -- it isn't over yet. . . .  While in the process of signing the bill the hostess comes over to request the chairs at our table. I explain to her that we are leaving. She was very impatient and said she only needed a minute to take the chairs and I scolded her saying that we are leaving right away and to give us 30 seconds to sign the check and she can have all the chairs at our table she scuffed off to take chairs from an empty table and blocked our attempt to exit while she was struggling to move the chair she grabbed. We chose to exit through the main dining room and bar as should be the practice for all patrons and employees. Like I said to the manager we consider ourselves to be fairly regular patrons of Atria's PNC Park and Atria's Fox Chapel -- but this was the worst service I've ever for an Atria's Restaurant. I don't want anything for publishing this review other than people to be highly aware of the lack of common sense by the staff on this particular day. I'll eat at Atria's again but it will be with some trepidation and with high caution that they'll probably screw something up so I have to be on high alert to get what I pay for. Posting this on Facebook and to yelp and tripadvisor might help get the owner's attention. The place could be great if they just had proper training rules and regulations for their staff and a dose of common sense.I wasn't expecting 4 star service. We walked in and had to wait 5 minutes before one of the servers noticed us since the hostess wasn't at her post. He took us to the banquet room and seated us at the last table in the front. The tables had plastic table cloths that have seen better days ours had holes in it and still had some caked on super stain sauce in one area. Then we waited 20 minutes before our waitress came to greet us. She took our drink order and our dinner order. (pretty simple since it was a prix fix menu with only choices for soup or salad and a choice of ham or turkey and either Apple or Pumpkin Pie). She brought the drinks right away. Then 10 minutes for the salad/soup -- very tasty but no rolls were delivered to go with and no sign of the waitress. One of the employees goes out the emergency exit door located directly behind me (BLAST OF COLD AIR) Only after finishing the first course did she bring the rolls/butter and didn't clear the dirty plates. Another 15 minutes passed before the waitress stopped by the table and cleared the dirty dishes. (THE HOSTESS COMES IN FROM OUTSIDE THROUGH THE DOOR WITH A BLAST OF COLD AIR) A minute later she came by and said our main course would be along in a minute and she proceeded to go out the door directly behind me. (MORE COLD AIR) The main course was delivered by a food runner. The turkey was tasty and just a little on the dry side and needed more gravy but there was no sign of our waitress to even ask for more gravy. Eating as slowly as possible so as to have the opportunity to get gravy for the turkey there simply was no attention paid to us. (ANOTHER EMPLOYEE GOES THROUGH THE DOOR MORE COLD AIR) Finally the waitress comes over and asks how was it I explain that the cold air is too much to handle. THE EMPLOYEE WHO WENT OUT CAME BACK IN AND WE ALL GET BLASTED BY COLD AIR. She replies it is what it is and shrugs and walks away. She must have said something to the manager because he comes over to ask how our meal was. I reply that it was just OK that the food was good for the most part (he gave a shocked reply because I didn't say it was great) but that I was disturbed with the number of times the employees kept using the door to go outside to smoke. He seemed shocked to learn that that door was being used at all and said he'd put a stop to it. We said that we usually tip 100% on holiday meals like this since the workers have to give up a day with their family but that since the staff didn't seem to care as much about us so we would not be doing 100% tip this time. I explained that we don't expect any kind of comp but that he needed to know that his employees were making the dining room uncomfortable by using the emergency exit for their smoke breaks and social encounters. He said he was sorry for our experience and left the table. Our waitress eventually stopped by and we requested our pie packed to go. She delivered the pie and the bill at the same time. -- it isn't over yet. . . .  While in the process of signing the bill the hostess comes over to request the chairs at our table. I explain to her that we are leaving. She was very impatient and said she only needed a minute to take the chairs and I scolded her saying that we are leaving right away and to give us 30 seconds to sign the check and she can have all the chairs at our table she scuffed off to take chairs from an empty table and blocked our attempt to exit while she was struggling to move the chair she grabbed. We chose to exit through the main dining room and bar as should be the practice for all patrons and employees. Like I said to the manager we consider ourselves to be fairly regular patrons of Atria's PNC Park and Atria's Fox Chapel -- but this was the worst service I've ever for an Atria's Restaurant. I don't want anything for publishing this review other than people to be highly aware of the lack of common sense by the staff on this particular day. I'll eat at Atria's again but it will be with some trepidation and with high caution that they'll probably screw something up so I have to be on high alert to get what I pay for. Posting this on Facebook and to yelp and tripadvisor might help get the owner's attention. The place could be great if they just had proper training rules and regulations for their staff and a dose of common sense.