I cannot believe Max's is going from 5 stars to 2 stars for me.You have to understand I love this place.  Over the years we have had so many family dinners here including my sisters rehearsal dinner that it's almost become like eating at a relatives house.But now that relative has gone senile and needs to go to a nursing home and they can't cook anymore.For the past two years every time we come here we say This just isn't as good as I remember.  For starters the food is always served cold.  Don't believe me?  I hope you enjoy tepid knackwurst and cold mashed potatoes.BTW to whoever makes their mashed potatoes you have to boil the potatoes before you mash them.  Yesterday they were undercooked gritty and gross.In fact all of the food is becoming gross.  My friend got the roasted beef and what came out looked like a cold cut covered with a congealed beef gravy that had bits of carrots in it.  wtf was that????I'm done.  This place has gone down hill.  You need a new chef immediately.  Max's is a North Side institution but there are so many new better restaurants opening up that they really need to up their game.PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner.I cannot believe Max's is going from 5 stars to 2 stars for me.You have to understand I love this place.  Over the years we have had so many family dinners here including my sisters rehearsal dinner that it's almost become like eating at a relatives house.But now that relative has gone senile and needs to go to a nursing home and they can't cook anymore.For the past two years every time we come here we say This just isn't as good as I remember.  For starters the food is always served cold.  Don't believe me?  I hope you enjoy tepid knackwurst and cold mashed potatoes.BTW to whoever makes their mashed potatoes you have to boil the potatoes before you mash them.  Yesterday they were undercooked gritty and gross.In fact all of the food is becoming gross.  My friend got the roasted beef and what came out looked like a cold cut covered with a congealed beef gravy that had bits of carrots in it.  wtf was that????I'm done.  This place has gone down hill.  You need a new chef immediately.  Max's is a North Side institution but there are so many new better restaurants opening up that they really need to up their game.PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner.