We were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes and told him we had been waiting.  He left and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams.. They took these back and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.By this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.for 2 bottle beers and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.We were going to see a movie that started at 9:40pm. The 2 of us got to Bar Louie at 8:30.  We sat outside and it was nearly 30 minutes before the waiter even stopped to get our order.  I tried stopping a waitress but was told 'this isn't my table'.  Finally the waiter took our order.  1 Sam Adams light bottle and one Pineapple Juice+Vodka.  After about 15minutes another waiter (maybe the manager I don't know) asked if we had been waited on. We said yes and told him we had been waiting.  He left and another (different) waitress came to bring us our drinks.. they were wrong.. My date was given vodka on the rocks. and I was given a Sam Adams.. They took these back and another 10 minutes before the correct order was served.. We told them to bring another round and the check.  It was 20 minutes before they returned.. and they forgot the check.By this time we had to go to be on time for the movie.. my date asked for the check again so we could leave.. finally they brought it and I gave him my card when he came back we signed it and left in a hurry to catch the movie.for 2 bottle beers and 2 pineapple juice + vodka I was charged $31.03. I didn't have time to complain or ask. I won't be going back.