Let's see.... Rolands can be fun to go to for happy hour after work on Friday.  Heck they used to have these two bartenders that if you were a good looking girl at least one would give you a beer or two but making up the difference by overcharging or flat out giving incorrect change back to some male patrons.  Anyhow they have a somewhat unique upstairs and in the summer they have the balcony that you can sit out on.  One summer night it began to storm and one of their umbrellas flew off the base and cracked me in the head.  I though I was going to pass out but the bartender just came out gathered the pieces and put them back together folding the umbrella down.  Yea no reason to apologize I just could have been decapitated.  Now onto the food.....uh  well....my best suggestion is if you are on a timed lunch or have limited time for dinner PICK SOMEWHERE ELSE!  you will only get frustrated with the SLOW AS HELL service.  Suggestions hmm not entirely sure since nothing I ate here impressed me much.  The lobster roll I am certain wasn't real lobster and was very rubbery and dry.  Way too much bun to lobster type meat and overpriced for a sandwich $15.00 I think.  Next we got the oysters.  6  were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered 5.  But good luck finding the waitress she showed up 3x's in the hour and half that we were there for dinner.  Not because it took us an hour and half to eat but 15 minutes to get waited on.  15 more minutes for drinks and to order.  45 minutes for food to come and I think you get the picture... I wouldn't eat here again there are many other places to choose from.  Lastly I ordered a draft beer it was warm told the waiter who got me a bottle but still charged me for both... NICE...Let's see.... Rolands can be fun to go to for happy hour after work on Friday.  Heck they used to have these two bartenders that if you were a good looking girl at least one would give you a beer or two but making up the difference by overcharging or flat out giving incorrect change back to some male patrons.  Anyhow they have a somewhat unique upstairs and in the summer they have the balcony that you can sit out on.  One summer night it began to storm and one of their umbrellas flew off the base and cracked me in the head.  I though I was going to pass out but the bartender just came out gathered the pieces and put them back together folding the umbrella down.  Yea no reason to apologize I just could have been decapitated.  Now onto the food.....uh  well....my best suggestion is if you are on a timed lunch or have limited time for dinner PICK SOMEWHERE ELSE!  you will only get frustrated with the SLOW AS HELL service.  Suggestions hmm not entirely sure since nothing I ate here impressed me much.  The lobster roll I am certain wasn't real lobster and was very rubbery and dry.  Way too much bun to lobster type meat and overpriced for a sandwich $15.00 I think.  Next we got the oysters.  6  were supposed to be in an order but they only delivered 5.  But good luck finding the waitress she showed up 3x's in the hour and half that we were there for dinner.  Not because it took us an hour and half to eat but 15 minutes to get waited on.  15 more minutes for drinks and to order.  45 minutes for food to come and I think you get the picture... I wouldn't eat here again there are many other places to choose from.  Lastly I ordered a draft beer it was warm told the waiter who got me a bottle but still charged me for both... NICE...