grossest hostessOkay so you know when you go into  place and it's close to closing time?  You aren't sure whether the staff will be cordial and inviting or straight up rude.  Well my wife and I went into Millers at 9:15 pm for dinner.  The hostess was incredibly rude directly off of the bat.  she said ughhhh you know it's close to closing time right?  my wife said what time do you close?  The older short blond curly haired hostess with glasses said we close at ten.  TEN???  TEN????  They weren't closing for 45 minutes!!!!  This was the second time she did this to us and it will be the last because they have lost our business for good.  We even heard a phone ring at quarter to ten and she didn't even answer the phone she just picked it up and snarled closed and hung up on the person!  Our server however was spot on and the food was decent but the hostess or manager or whatever she was left the worst taste in our moths and spoiled Millers Seafood forever.  If you go to Miller's Seafood and you see her at the front turn and run!grossest hostessOkay so you know when you go into  place and it's close to closing time?  You aren't sure whether the staff will be cordial and inviting or straight up rude.  Well my wife and I went into Millers at 9:15 pm for dinner.  The hostess was incredibly rude directly off of the bat.  she said ughhhh you know it's close to closing time right?  my wife said what time do you close?  The older short blond curly haired hostess with glasses said we close at ten.  TEN???  TEN????  They weren't closing for 45 minutes!!!!  This was the second time she did this to us and it will be the last because they have lost our business for good.  We even heard a phone ring at quarter to ten and she didn't even answer the phone she just picked it up and snarled closed and hung up on the person!  Our server however was spot on and the food was decent but the hostess or manager or whatever she was left the worst taste in our moths and spoiled Millers Seafood forever.  If you go to Miller's Seafood and you see her at the front turn and run!