Okay so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ Riley's Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners. To recap: Murphy's Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan's Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy's Pour House from 2002-2012. And bagpipe please Riley's Pour House opens March 1 of 2012. Still with me?It's a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah!!!  Same lousy service. My guess is that the entire place needs (no strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks bartenders or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty. I really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes. Get it together Murphy's ... er I mean Sullivan's....er I mean Paddy's or is it Riley's? ;  ).  Whatever the case they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons.Okay so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ Riley's Pour House before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting Irish owners. To recap: Murphy's Pour House from 1979-1985. Sullivan's Pour House from 1995-2002. Paddy's Pour House from 2002-2012. And bagpipe please Riley's Pour House opens March 1 of 2012. Still with me?It's a tiny long bar just like the old Irish pubs. No more smoking allowed. Hurrah!!!  Same lousy service. My guess is that the entire place needs (no strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system. None of the cooks bartenders or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table. It's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty. I really really want this place to do better. We need more Irish pubs and local old time watering holes. Get it together Murphy's ... er I mean Sullivan's....er I mean Paddy's or is it Riley's? ;  ).  Whatever the case they have cold Guinness. And Irish music.  And fun patrons.