I only gave this place 2 stars because of the environment that it is in.  A hard to find place is an understatement if it's dark outside and you have never been here.   I have to agree the crust of the pizza is amazingly flakey and delicious.  I'm a crusty guy so I like good crust and though it's up there with a soft boboli it's still easy to eat and won't rough up your mouth.  I ordered the Ephesus Pizza with lamb skewers ($16.00 large).  It is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers.  They packed on 8-9 small skewers of lamb and I have to admit the lamb was very tasty and tender.  The problem I have with this place is the filthy trash laden environment it sits in.  It's on the mezzanine level (2nd floor) of a some financial building and when I got there the exterior doors to the building were locked and luckily a group of people showed up and punched in the code to get one of the side doors opened...it was strange.  However when you walk in that side door I was faced with the stairwell with trash cans spewed about.  when I entered the pizza/sandwich joint it was in disarray bread was in crates on the floor and trash cans were overflowing.  The bathroom was in a construction zone and filthy.  All of this added up to being afraid to eat anything because you were unsure as to how fresh the food was and how well kept the kitchen may or may not have been.  I'm not a fluffy guy but I need some fluff in my establishments...look clean feel clean feel safe and I can live with whatever you dish out but when first impressions are nasty and dirty it hits homeplate way before the food hits my mouth.   I still like the pizza and I will only send my pot smoking beer drinking partying friends to this place because I would be afraid of what others may think of it and consequently think of me and my tastes.I only gave this place 2 stars because of the environment that it is in.  A hard to find place is an understatement if it's dark outside and you have never been here.   I have to agree the crust of the pizza is amazingly flakey and delicious.  I'm a crusty guy so I like good crust and though it's up there with a soft boboli it's still easy to eat and won't rough up your mouth.  I ordered the Ephesus Pizza with lamb skewers ($16.00 large).  It is a white pizza with minimal ingredients except for the lamb skewers.  They packed on 8-9 small skewers of lamb and I have to admit the lamb was very tasty and tender.  The problem I have with this place is the filthy trash laden environment it sits in.  It's on the mezzanine level (2nd floor) of a some financial building and when I got there the exterior doors to the building were locked and luckily a group of people showed up and punched in the code to get one of the side doors opened...it was strange.  However when you walk in that side door I was faced with the stairwell with trash cans spewed about.  when I entered the pizza/sandwich joint it was in disarray bread was in crates on the floor and trash cans were overflowing.  The bathroom was in a construction zone and filthy.  All of this added up to being afraid to eat anything because you were unsure as to how fresh the food was and how well kept the kitchen may or may not have been.  I'm not a fluffy guy but I need some fluff in my establishments...look clean feel clean feel safe and I can live with whatever you dish out but when first impressions are nasty and dirty it hits homeplate way before the food hits my mouth.   I still like the pizza and I will only send my pot smoking beer drinking partying friends to this place because I would be afraid of what others may think of it and consequently think of me and my tastes.