Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub French onion soup fries and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already) and no fries.  We were told the chef was new but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.Before today I probably would have given this place three stars based mostly on their beer selection; however today the service was terrible. We waited two hours for a pizza sub French onion soup fries and buffalo chicken tenders. About an hour and a half in we finally got the small pizza sub and the wrongly made buffalo chicken tenders (ie no hot sauce). We were told by the waitress that she realized it was wrong but decided to still bring it out to see if my gf would eat it. She sent it back. By a half hour later we still had not received the buffalo chicken tenders nor the French onion soup (which should have been mostly made already) and no fries.  We were told the chef was new but no effort was made really to make the situation better. No quick and easy app or beers on the house. To boot the beer was pretty expensive. I will probably give the place another chance based on their beer selection but it won't be for a while. The food has always been average at best and the pizza sub was no different. We ended up leaving after two hours without receiving 75% of our order.