I visited Pittsburgh for the weekend and was excited to try Lidia's since I have been to  her son's outstanding restaurants up in New York.Lidia's was a major disappointment for me. Decor and service were just fine no issues there. But the food was something I would expect from a chain restaurant like Carrabba's or Olive Garden. The quality seemed poor: bread was soggy greens and salad dressings way over salted greasy sloppy pasta sauces and huge portions just slapped onto dirty plates with greasy fingerprints all over the edges. Plus I spent the entire meal swatting flies away from our table.I was really puzzled by this experience. When you dine at Joe's restaurants you get the sense that every single ingredient is hand selected for the highest quality and the presentation of the food shows care went into it.  I expected a similar standard at Lidia's. I wondered if Lidia visits this restaurant often and whether she knows about the quality of the food. Celebrity chefs often seem to suffer from this issue: they get involved in so many business ventures and if they are not at the restaurants regularly the quality suffers.Sorry to say it but I definitely won't be back to Lidia's.I visited Pittsburgh for the weekend and was excited to try Lidia's since I have been to  her son's outstanding restaurants up in New York.Lidia's was a major disappointment for me. Decor and service were just fine no issues there. But the food was something I would expect from a chain restaurant like Carrabba's or Olive Garden. The quality seemed poor: bread was soggy greens and salad dressings way over salted greasy sloppy pasta sauces and huge portions just slapped onto dirty plates with greasy fingerprints all over the edges. Plus I spent the entire meal swatting flies away from our table.I was really puzzled by this experience. When you dine at Joe's restaurants you get the sense that every single ingredient is hand selected for the highest quality and the presentation of the food shows care went into it.  I expected a similar standard at Lidia's. I wondered if Lidia visits this restaurant often and whether she knows about the quality of the food. Celebrity chefs often seem to suffer from this issue: they get involved in so many business ventures and if they are not at the restaurants regularly the quality suffers.Sorry to say it but I definitely won't be back to Lidia's.