I can't for the life of me figure out why all the hype. I was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat. But I'm a tourist here and wanted to try it.It was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries.  The thick white bread was dry and boring; too crusty. The fries on the sandwich overpowered the taste! So I dismantled it. When the rude server asked how I liked it I was honest. He gave me big time attitude and commented that I took it apart. I told him I took it apart because it was a horrible sandwich (the pastrami by the way). And that sir is why you got a $0.35 tip! (never give a zero tip they'll think you forgot always leave just a small amount of change)If you have to put all that hot sauce on the sandwich to make it palatable why bother?  (The server as he walked away told me it's really good with hot sauce which was just Tabasco which I don't like any way!)They left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich!Of the 4 staff members I came in contact with all but 1 were rude unfriendly and uncaring. One constantly walked by trash that had blown off outdoor tables without picking it up.The fries were good. Nope won't be back.I can't for the life of me figure out why all the hype. I was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat. But I'm a tourist here and wanted to try it.It was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries.  The thick white bread was dry and boring; too crusty. The fries on the sandwich overpowered the taste! So I dismantled it. When the rude server asked how I liked it I was honest. He gave me big time attitude and commented that I took it apart. I told him I took it apart because it was a horrible sandwich (the pastrami by the way). And that sir is why you got a $0.35 tip! (never give a zero tip they'll think you forgot always leave just a small amount of change)If you have to put all that hot sauce on the sandwich to make it palatable why bother?  (The server as he walked away told me it's really good with hot sauce which was just Tabasco which I don't like any way!)They left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich!Of the 4 staff members I came in contact with all but 1 were rude unfriendly and uncaring. One constantly walked by trash that had blown off outdoor tables without picking it up.The fries were good. Nope won't be back.