You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality and about two rungs down in quickness. At least you think you know. I used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake because hey who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream? But after my last trip I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. After having eaten here I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey we're girls it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say business? After a few seconds we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself but to also take drive-through orders. Yes that's right....You want fries with that? *flush* Okay that will be $5.50. I have never ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off after finishing her bathroom break she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.You know what you're getting with a Steak N Shake: it's about one rung up from a McD's in quality and about two rungs down in quickness. At least you think you know. I used to have a small place in my heart (though the salt and fat weren't very kind to said organ) for Steak N Shake because hey who can argue with beef and drinkable ice cream? But after my last trip I can think of nothing more disgusting than having to eat here this location in particular. I haven't been back in over year and I will never step foot into a Steak N Shake as long as I have an immune system that I care about. After having eaten here I hit the restroom on my way out (along with my two friends....hey we're girls it's acceptable!). One stall was already taken so two of us are stuck waiting while this occupant does her....shall we say business? After a few seconds we realize that she's not only there to relieve herself but to also take drive-through orders. Yes that's right....You want fries with that? *flush* Okay that will be $5.50. I have never ever witnessed anything so insane as a drive-through restroom. To top it off after finishing her bathroom break she walks straight out of the stall and into the restaurant. I guess she was in too much of a rush to complete the order she had just taken that she didn't have time to wash her hands. And I was in too much of a rush to choke back up what I had just eaten before it wreaked mayhem on my stomach.