This place really should be much higher quality for first the prices and second the only food option at the Westin.  I stopped by here two nights ago on a work trip to grab some food.  The wine that I ordered was out (which was fine) and substituted - but for a place with a giant wine cellar I wouldn't suspect that should be an issue for the glass wines.When I went to order I asked the server how the scallops were - and asked her to be honest.  She said that they are the most well done in Pittsburgh.  Well I think she meant that literally because the scallops were as tough as a tire and there presentation was poor with a pile of over salty spinach and some kinds of blobs smeared around the plate.  I was a little bummed about my experience when the 55 dollar bill came for one entree and a glass of wine.Also a one off thing but the overhead light on the table was like a 10K watt surgical spotlight.  It actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright.  That should be an easy adjustment for the management.  Food quality on the other hand - you need a new chef.This place really should be much higher quality for first the prices and second the only food option at the Westin.  I stopped by here two nights ago on a work trip to grab some food.  The wine that I ordered was out (which was fine) and substituted - but for a place with a giant wine cellar I wouldn't suspect that should be an issue for the glass wines.When I went to order I asked the server how the scallops were - and asked her to be honest.  She said that they are the most well done in Pittsburgh.  Well I think she meant that literally because the scallops were as tough as a tire and there presentation was poor with a pile of over salty spinach and some kinds of blobs smeared around the plate.  I was a little bummed about my experience when the 55 dollar bill came for one entree and a glass of wine.Also a one off thing but the overhead light on the table was like a 10K watt surgical spotlight.  It actually hurt my eyes to look at the table it was so bright.  That should be an easy adjustment for the management.  Food quality on the other hand - you need a new chef.