I went to Pino's recently only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.After my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak the chef came out to apologize. It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented as walking away that he would never salt his steak again. I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad) which took another twenty minutes my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned obviously chewing to make a point and sneered at my mother announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!??!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it. The drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry how can you not have $33 in change?! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out. Overall embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.I went to Pino's recently only to be disappointed by the owner himself. I guess I should have read the reviews on here before going seeing as a lot of people echo the sentiments that I feel.After my mother sent back her extremely oversalted steak the chef came out to apologize. It was very embarrassing how he chastised her for not enjoying her meal. He then snidely commented as walking away that he would never salt his steak again. I don't really take kindly to people speaking so rudely to my mother. She was very polite about sending it back and certainly didn't deserve any attitude. We had an event to attend which we were very clear with to our waitress. So when my mother reordered another meal (a salad) which took another twenty minutes my mom asked for it to be immediately wrapped up. The chef returned obviously chewing to make a point and sneered at my mother announcing her steak that she refused to eat was actually quiet good. Well I have never felt more embarrassed in a situation. I said he was being rude to my mother a paying customer. He proceeded to get heated and tell me it was not his job to make people happy (!??!) and that everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal and we just had to get to the inside of the steak to appreciate it. The drama continued when he did not have change for $100 for a $57 bill. Sorry how can you not have $33 in change?! He ended the night by throwing our bill in a crumbled mess on the floor and walking out. Overall embarrassing. It was an embarrassing situation for anyone to witness. Take heed of the negative comments on this site. I certainly wish I would have.