Dark spacious and neighborhood friendly is how I'd describe Dunnings a fixture on Braddock Ave for years. I met my friend Jean here she is a once a week customer. Lucky her living on Biddle Street she lunches daily at different eateries on Braddock ave. One day the Square Cafe (read my review) one day the Map Room another day D's Packs n Dogs. Looking over the menu my choices were limited to a veggie wrap or salads. I chose a veggie wrap sans cheese with a side of apple sauce. The wrap was nothing special mushrooms spinach lettuce tomato and a side of canned applesauce.Jean had a buffalo chicken wrap and iced tea. She complained the tea was weak I never noticed. She said he wrap was good a chicken breast fried then drenched in buffalo chicken sauce then drenched in blue cheese dressing and wrapped in a flour tortilla. Dunnings is nothing special it's a long time establishment that gets by on regulars. This day the most I saw in the place was 9 people in the bar and dinning room. Service was ok out waitress seemed to be preoccupied with something or someone in the kitchen and it took forever for her to bring the bill to the table.Dark spacious and neighborhood friendly is how I'd describe Dunnings a fixture on Braddock Ave for years. I met my friend Jean here she is a once a week customer. Lucky her living on Biddle Street she lunches daily at different eateries on Braddock ave. One day the Square Cafe (read my review) one day the Map Room another day D's Packs n Dogs. Looking over the menu my choices were limited to a veggie wrap or salads. I chose a veggie wrap sans cheese with a side of apple sauce. The wrap was nothing special mushrooms spinach lettuce tomato and a side of canned applesauce.Jean had a buffalo chicken wrap and iced tea. She complained the tea was weak I never noticed. She said he wrap was good a chicken breast fried then drenched in buffalo chicken sauce then drenched in blue cheese dressing and wrapped in a flour tortilla. Dunnings is nothing special it's a long time establishment that gets by on regulars. This day the most I saw in the place was 9 people in the bar and dinning room. Service was ok out waitress seemed to be preoccupied with something or someone in the kitchen and it took forever for her to bring the bill to the table.