Although the first impression through the door is charming and the aroma enticing  as you enter this restaurant- much can be improved upon for the prices asked for the dining experience. Our group of 7 had called a week ahead and were seated in the back of the far dining room right by a door where clinking pots /pans and  dishes were heard throughout our meal as well as a Darth Vader type noise coming from the ceiling vent. Our waitress was not knowledgable of all menu items and three of our  very simple requests did not come out as ordered. ( dressing on the side of a salad  less feta on an entree and no oil on another entree) The waitress blamed it on the cook but did offer to get one entree changed. Also we were asked if we wanted pine nuts feta or Gorgonzola on our salad and then were charged 2.00 extra per item in addition to the salad price (6.99) which brought the salad up to 10.99 ! Outrageous !There is so much possibility for ambiance in this restaurant  but they miss the mark on service and atmosphere. I will most likely not return. Very overpriced for the quality and service.Although the first impression through the door is charming and the aroma enticing  as you enter this restaurant- much can be improved upon for the prices asked for the dining experience. Our group of 7 had called a week ahead and were seated in the back of the far dining room right by a door where clinking pots /pans and  dishes were heard throughout our meal as well as a Darth Vader type noise coming from the ceiling vent. Our waitress was not knowledgable of all menu items and three of our  very simple requests did not come out as ordered. ( dressing on the side of a salad  less feta on an entree and no oil on another entree) The waitress blamed it on the cook but did offer to get one entree changed. Also we were asked if we wanted pine nuts feta or Gorgonzola on our salad and then were charged 2.00 extra per item in addition to the salad price (6.99) which brought the salad up to 10.99 ! Outrageous !There is so much possibility for ambiance in this restaurant  but they miss the mark on service and atmosphere. I will most likely not return. Very overpriced for the quality and service.