I am reading through these reviews and wonder if we went to a different Lidia's Pittsburgh because on our romantic Valentine's Day the Olive Garden would have been more fresh and authentic (p.s. it's neither of those things). My husband and I loved her cooking show and figured that her restaurant would be something we would like to try boy were we way off. Maybe it was our fault for choosing a holiday but it was their fault for cutting corners in the worst way possible FLASH FROZEN FOODS!  They had a fixed menu with some options but we already knew we were going to be charged $48 per person which was pretty pricey but maybe it was worth it well it wasn't. First course was a fried ball that apparently had lobster in it all you could taste is how much work the fryer had put in for the day and it was a lot. Second course couldn't wait Caesar salad and a dish with shrimp and spaghetti squash  salad was ok the shrimp you couldn't taste because they were the little frozen ones that are cute when breaded but when they aren't they just look sad as if they had never been in the sea (which I am banking these hadn't).  Then finally main entrée we held out hope thinking we there could still be a chance again the price was $48 PER PERSON! My husband had gotten the tuna JOKE this made me maddest of all it was pescado without the pescado part. We could have dealt with a small piece of FRESH tuna but seeing as how this was an average piece of flash frozen crap with the grill marks already on it thank goodness those poor chefs didn't have to actually grill a piece of fish. My pasta trio dish was ok nothing about it screamed high and or fresh quality foods.  The worst part was that the service was excellent other than he could see on our faces we wanted nothing to do with the food so he never asked how it was but he was fantastic. So after the frozen crappy desert or finger food that was horrid we got our bill all said and done with a glass of wine cappuccino tax and tip we paid $150.00! So save your money and go to spaghetti warehouse at least you know what you're getting.  Lidia YOU OWE US MONEY!I am reading through these reviews and wonder if we went to a different Lidia's Pittsburgh because on our romantic Valentine's Day the Olive Garden would have been more fresh and authentic (p.s. it's neither of those things). My husband and I loved her cooking show and figured that her restaurant would be something we would like to try boy were we way off. Maybe it was our fault for choosing a holiday but it was their fault for cutting corners in the worst way possible FLASH FROZEN FOODS!  They had a fixed menu with some options but we already knew we were going to be charged $48 per person which was pretty pricey but maybe it was worth it well it wasn't. First course was a fried ball that apparently had lobster in it all you could taste is how much work the fryer had put in for the day and it was a lot. Second course couldn't wait Caesar salad and a dish with shrimp and spaghetti squash  salad was ok the shrimp you couldn't taste because they were the little frozen ones that are cute when breaded but when they aren't they just look sad as if they had never been in the sea (which I am banking these hadn't).  Then finally main entrée we held out hope thinking we there could still be a chance again the price was $48 PER PERSON! My husband had gotten the tuna JOKE this made me maddest of all it was pescado without the pescado part. We could have dealt with a small piece of FRESH tuna but seeing as how this was an average piece of flash frozen crap with the grill marks already on it thank goodness those poor chefs didn't have to actually grill a piece of fish. My pasta trio dish was ok nothing about it screamed high and or fresh quality foods.  The worst part was that the service was excellent other than he could see on our faces we wanted nothing to do with the food so he never asked how it was but he was fantastic. So after the frozen crappy desert or finger food that was horrid we got our bill all said and done with a glass of wine cappuccino tax and tip we paid $150.00! So save your money and go to spaghetti warehouse at least you know what you're getting.  Lidia YOU OWE US MONEY!