I am not a mean person not a vindictive person. I bear the friendly people of Pizza Parma no ill will.But their pizza was remarkably terrible.Went there hungry a bit past midnight looking for a little something before going home to sleep. They don't have slices--this seems to be a (terrible stupefying egregious) trend in these parts. Fine. The smallest pizza a personal pie costs $7 and is 7 in diameter. The cashier and I agree that that's a very small amount of pizza and since I'm hungrier than one and one half mouthsful I get a small which is 10. I add a mushroom topping. I pay my $11.21 and wait.There are two seating options inside the store: a small wooden bench and two fold up chairs around a little table. Conveniently they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing and they'd also elected to fold up the two folding chairs probably because they were tired from a long day of being used as chairs. So I waited outside the store on a bench.The friendly cashier and the friendly patrons waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza was ready. I took it outside sitting in the cold to eat it thinking I hope this $11 pizza is pretty good. Opened up the box saw how pitifully small a 10 pizza is and started eating.Let me say something about pizza: if you have decent cheese decent tomato sauce flour water and a hot oven you can make a passable pizza. I will eat it and think well this isn't the best pizza I've ever had but it's fine. That is not what I thought when I ate Pizza Parma's pizza. I thought it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back. I'll just try to eat as much of this as I can.I ate three out of the six slices. (One sixth of a 10 pizza is a total of *25/6 = 13 square inches. That sounds like a lot of pizza but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza.) I couldn't stand to eat more than half. The mushrooms were fine; I fished them out and ate them. The cheese was actually terrible; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance. The crust was poofy and not crusty.Ashamedly I threw half of a pizza away tonight. Folks I am not a food destroyer. I eat things I don't like and expired foods because I don't want to waste. It takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.Went home made some eggs and guess what? The terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago? It's still in my mouth. I'm not making this up.I know there's good pizza around here. Ordered two back to back slices at Spak Brothers--delicious! Tasty! Reasonable price! But whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible overexpensive pizza. Sheesh.I am not a mean person not a vindictive person. I bear the friendly people of Pizza Parma no ill will.But their pizza was remarkably terrible.Went there hungry a bit past midnight looking for a little something before going home to sleep. They don't have slices--this seems to be a (terrible stupefying egregious) trend in these parts. Fine. The smallest pizza a personal pie costs $7 and is 7 in diameter. The cashier and I agree that that's a very small amount of pizza and since I'm hungrier than one and one half mouthsful I get a small which is 10. I add a mushroom topping. I pay my $11.21 and wait.There are two seating options inside the store: a small wooden bench and two fold up chairs around a little table. Conveniently they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing and they'd also elected to fold up the two folding chairs probably because they were tired from a long day of being used as chairs. So I waited outside the store on a bench.The friendly cashier and the friendly patrons waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza was ready. I took it outside sitting in the cold to eat it thinking I hope this $11 pizza is pretty good. Opened up the box saw how pitifully small a 10 pizza is and started eating.Let me say something about pizza: if you have decent cheese decent tomato sauce flour water and a hot oven you can make a passable pizza. I will eat it and think well this isn't the best pizza I've ever had but it's fine. That is not what I thought when I ate Pizza Parma's pizza. I thought it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back. I'll just try to eat as much of this as I can.I ate three out of the six slices. (One sixth of a 10 pizza is a total of *25/6 = 13 square inches. That sounds like a lot of pizza but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza.) I couldn't stand to eat more than half. The mushrooms were fine; I fished them out and ate them. The cheese was actually terrible; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance. The crust was poofy and not crusty.Ashamedly I threw half of a pizza away tonight. Folks I am not a food destroyer. I eat things I don't like and expired foods because I don't want to waste. It takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.Went home made some eggs and guess what? The terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago? It's still in my mouth. I'm not making this up.I know there's good pizza around here. Ordered two back to back slices at Spak Brothers--delicious! Tasty! Reasonable price! But whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible overexpensive pizza. Sheesh.