When you walk into a buzzing restaurant you'd expect to be greeted by someone be that a server a greeter or the bartender. I went in last night stood around for almost 10 minutes and was completely ignored. I was meeting a few friends so I decided to walk across the street and grab a beer and make a reservation (using open table) for 45 minutes later.  Reservation confirmed and beer finished I walk back over walk in to the place and someone's at the computer in the entryway on the phone. He finishes we make eye contact he nods and walks away. My friends come in we wait 10 minutes for someone who works there to talk to us. I tell her we have reservations she acts like it can't happen and that it's my mistake she says that the place is closed for a private party. I ask why there isn't a sign on the door saying 'closed for private party' and I get a ridiculous answer that the CEO doesn't like us to do that. How dumb is that: you leave your system open to make reservations and you don't alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed. The fake sincerity is what really got me. You know what a 'private party' sign does? It advertises that you are available for private parties and would have given me an hour to figure out other arrangements.When you walk into a buzzing restaurant you'd expect to be greeted by someone be that a server a greeter or the bartender. I went in last night stood around for almost 10 minutes and was completely ignored. I was meeting a few friends so I decided to walk across the street and grab a beer and make a reservation (using open table) for 45 minutes later.  Reservation confirmed and beer finished I walk back over walk in to the place and someone's at the computer in the entryway on the phone. He finishes we make eye contact he nods and walks away. My friends come in we wait 10 minutes for someone who works there to talk to us. I tell her we have reservations she acts like it can't happen and that it's my mistake she says that the place is closed for a private party. I ask why there isn't a sign on the door saying 'closed for private party' and I get a ridiculous answer that the CEO doesn't like us to do that. How dumb is that: you leave your system open to make reservations and you don't alert people that might be going to a show on the north shore that the place is closed. The fake sincerity is what really got me. You know what a 'private party' sign does? It advertises that you are available for private parties and would have given me an hour to figure out other arrangements.