I was really excited when I saw the menu for this place because they had some vegetarian items that sounded delicious. I liked the decor with exposed brick walls soft lighting and we went there on a night with live music. But the positives stop there. I had the veggie burger. The burger was the typical veggie burger that a lot of restaurants are trying now - with all of the veggies in the patty - and people continually make it mushy. The mushy texture made me nauseous so I didn't finish that. I got the side of garlic mashed potatoes and I'm pretty confident those came out of a box though that ended up being my favorite thing. My date got nachos which are advertised with lots of goodies on top. Lies! They were covered in melted but cold cheese a sprinkle of diced tomatoes and a scoop each of guacamole and sour cream. Neither one of us ate more than 3 chips. Finally I ordered Patron with Rose's line juice. First sip... Completely bitter and disgusting! So I asked her. And she said oh right we don't have sweetened line juice he probably just used lime juice. So I asked for her to add some simple syrup which she did. And then it was drinkable. But come on. She should have thought of that upfront! Don't go here for anything but the walls and music.I was really excited when I saw the menu for this place because they had some vegetarian items that sounded delicious. I liked the decor with exposed brick walls soft lighting and we went there on a night with live music. But the positives stop there. I had the veggie burger. The burger was the typical veggie burger that a lot of restaurants are trying now - with all of the veggies in the patty - and people continually make it mushy. The mushy texture made me nauseous so I didn't finish that. I got the side of garlic mashed potatoes and I'm pretty confident those came out of a box though that ended up being my favorite thing. My date got nachos which are advertised with lots of goodies on top. Lies! They were covered in melted but cold cheese a sprinkle of diced tomatoes and a scoop each of guacamole and sour cream. Neither one of us ate more than 3 chips. Finally I ordered Patron with Rose's line juice. First sip... Completely bitter and disgusting! So I asked her. And she said oh right we don't have sweetened line juice he probably just used lime juice. So I asked for her to add some simple syrup which she did. And then it was drinkable. But come on. She should have thought of that upfront! Don't go here for anything but the walls and music.