I knew that once we hit Pittsburgh we HAD to try Primanti Bros. Everybody AND their bro had been raving about it and I just had to give it a taste for myself. Unfortunately...my taste did me no great feat. I ordered the Capicola and Cheese from a waitress who would have rather thrown a sandwich in my face than take my order...no joke: service=terrible. HOWEVER I was willing to give them a pass seeing as it was the day of a Steelers home game and that place was PACKKKKED. (I've done my fair share of service work and I know days like that can be a real bitch) Moving along...after I ordered for myself and my handsome ginger sidekick I was oozing with excitement to get my butt in a seat and chow down on this sandwich I had heard about all weekend! Fast Forward THIRTY. MINUTES. LATER. We get our food.Ok I get it your busy. But let me reiterate here: FOUR tables were served before we were. And we only got two sandwiches. Insert pissed emoji here. So after all was said and done my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn.I knew that once we hit Pittsburgh we HAD to try Primanti Bros. Everybody AND their bro had been raving about it and I just had to give it a taste for myself. Unfortunately...my taste did me no great feat. I ordered the Capicola and Cheese from a waitress who would have rather thrown a sandwich in my face than take my order...no joke: service=terrible. HOWEVER I was willing to give them a pass seeing as it was the day of a Steelers home game and that place was PACKKKKED. (I've done my fair share of service work and I know days like that can be a real bitch) Moving along...after I ordered for myself and my handsome ginger sidekick I was oozing with excitement to get my butt in a seat and chow down on this sandwich I had heard about all weekend! Fast Forward THIRTY. MINUTES. LATER. We get our food.Ok I get it your busy. But let me reiterate here: FOUR tables were served before we were. And we only got two sandwiches. Insert pissed emoji here. So after all was said and done my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn.