This is the most overrated place bragged about in Pittsburgh. My first visit was to the one in South Hills. Waited 90 mins for 4 sandwiches. The coleslaw is gross and I'm a fan of coleslaw. Due to the 90 min wait I was given a gift card which I used at the one in Market Square. This time I got the grilled chicken salad. If you like chewing on rubber bands I recommend it. It was the absolute worst salad I've ever had how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town take them anywhere but here. And for those who say you have to go to the original one in the Strip no thanks it's the same food. If you are looking for an awesome sandwich go to Schmitz Old World Deli in Greenfield.This is the most overrated place bragged about in Pittsburgh. My first visit was to the one in South Hills. Waited 90 mins for 4 sandwiches. The coleslaw is gross and I'm a fan of coleslaw. Due to the 90 min wait I was given a gift card which I used at the one in Market Square. This time I got the grilled chicken salad. If you like chewing on rubber bands I recommend it. It was the absolute worst salad I've ever had how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town take them anywhere but here. And for those who say you have to go to the original one in the Strip no thanks it's the same food. If you are looking for an awesome sandwich go to Schmitz Old World Deli in Greenfield.