I actually don't mind the Arby's chain; I certainly don't go to one on a regular basis but when I do I usually enjoy the treat that is a nice giant sandwich and a side of curly fries. Usually what I get from an Arby's is an a-ok fast food variety sandwich that while greasy is still very tasty and doesn't leave me feeling sick to my stomach.That said I never enjoy the food I pick up from this particular Arby's. Firstly often when I've placed an order in their drive-thru I've found that I've had to sit and wait for my fast food for 10 to 15 minutes. After waiting for my food - on the days that I didn't leave the line in frustration before placing an order at all because I couldn't even do so in a reasonable amount of time - I've found that what I've gotten has been mediocre compared to what I've experienced at other Arby's. Common issues I've come across include the lack of sauces when I've asked for them overcooked food and so much grease that the sandwich begins coming apart AND after eating I begin to feel sick to my stomach. Sorry guys. I may not expect a lot from a fast food joint but this Arby's just doesn't impress me.I actually don't mind the Arby's chain; I certainly don't go to one on a regular basis but when I do I usually enjoy the treat that is a nice giant sandwich and a side of curly fries. Usually what I get from an Arby's is an a-ok fast food variety sandwich that while greasy is still very tasty and doesn't leave me feeling sick to my stomach.That said I never enjoy the food I pick up from this particular Arby's. Firstly often when I've placed an order in their drive-thru I've found that I've had to sit and wait for my fast food for 10 to 15 minutes. After waiting for my food - on the days that I didn't leave the line in frustration before placing an order at all because I couldn't even do so in a reasonable amount of time - I've found that what I've gotten has been mediocre compared to what I've experienced at other Arby's. Common issues I've come across include the lack of sauces when I've asked for them overcooked food and so much grease that the sandwich begins coming apart AND after eating I begin to feel sick to my stomach. Sorry guys. I may not expect a lot from a fast food joint but this Arby's just doesn't impress me.