When Hotlick's died Buffalo blues was born. It really is a Pittsburgh staple but come on....Food is really really average. I love the ribs and wings but it's about the same as any other rib place in the city only they charge an arm and a leg for it. This place is for the people that feel that they are at a real rib place but don't want to cross Centre or Penn Ave. to get real ribs. It technically is in Shadyside so your Mercedes will be safe! The ambiance: The restaurant is always crowded. Not just crowded but packed with teens underage drinking families with too many kids that overflow to your space and collage kids who also spill over from the bar. IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!! Forget about a nice quiet dinner. There seems to be no consideration for customers at all. Last time I was there there was a St. Patrick's Day party (it was NOT St. Patrick's Day) that took over the whole place. Though the staff tried (nah they didn't really try) to keep them in the so called party room I was bumped into several times spilled my beer and couldn't hear my wife speak. But as long as they got their money; they could give a crap. Oh and there are like 100 TVs to interrupt any conversation at your table.Want to sit in the bar area? Good luck. You will see a mix of drunk people women who look like high-end prostitutes and college kids who are only missing a beer bong. Also IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!!!!!!!The wonderful Staff: It seems like it's everyone's first day. To put it lightly; the staff suck! To be sure you will be waiting for your your drinks food and bill for a very very long time. Expect to be there for about 2-3 hours. The wait staff are forgetful inattentive and very sloppy at their job. It pains me to leave any tip for them. Most of the staff are hot stacked absolutely stupid and should be working at Hooters not a place where your bill will be upwards of $50 for two people. Be prepared to be met with this saying Oh like ohmygod I am so sorry i forgot that he he! (oh she's twisting her finger in her hair while she's talking). You will get bad service...period (in fact I can't remember the last time a wait person actually wrote down my order and they're idiots so no worries).The food: Kinda good. Menu is huge you'll find something you like. But I go there about 2-3 times a year for the food. It is way too expensive. Do not take a date there. Your average bill for a meal with actual proteins will run you in the high 40s without booze. There are so many bar-food places that don't claim to be high class that are just as good as this place. I grew up with the rib sauce and love it but for your average consumer skip it!This place is a wannabe sports bar that tries too hard to be high end. Just watch out for the vomiting college kids with trust funds...they're everywhere!!!!!When Hotlick's died Buffalo blues was born. It really is a Pittsburgh staple but come on....Food is really really average. I love the ribs and wings but it's about the same as any other rib place in the city only they charge an arm and a leg for it. This place is for the people that feel that they are at a real rib place but don't want to cross Centre or Penn Ave. to get real ribs. It technically is in Shadyside so your Mercedes will be safe! The ambiance: The restaurant is always crowded. Not just crowded but packed with teens underage drinking families with too many kids that overflow to your space and collage kids who also spill over from the bar. IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!! Forget about a nice quiet dinner. There seems to be no consideration for customers at all. Last time I was there there was a St. Patrick's Day party (it was NOT St. Patrick's Day) that took over the whole place. Though the staff tried (nah they didn't really try) to keep them in the so called party room I was bumped into several times spilled my beer and couldn't hear my wife speak. But as long as they got their money; they could give a crap. Oh and there are like 100 TVs to interrupt any conversation at your table.Want to sit in the bar area? Good luck. You will see a mix of drunk people women who look like high-end prostitutes and college kids who are only missing a beer bong. Also IT'S LOUD AS HELL!!!!!!!!The wonderful Staff: It seems like it's everyone's first day. To put it lightly; the staff suck! To be sure you will be waiting for your your drinks food and bill for a very very long time. Expect to be there for about 2-3 hours. The wait staff are forgetful inattentive and very sloppy at their job. It pains me to leave any tip for them. Most of the staff are hot stacked absolutely stupid and should be working at Hooters not a place where your bill will be upwards of $50 for two people. Be prepared to be met with this saying Oh like ohmygod I am so sorry i forgot that he he! (oh she's twisting her finger in her hair while she's talking). You will get bad service...period (in fact I can't remember the last time a wait person actually wrote down my order and they're idiots so no worries).The food: Kinda good. Menu is huge you'll find something you like. But I go there about 2-3 times a year for the food. It is way too expensive. Do not take a date there. Your average bill for a meal with actual proteins will run you in the high 40s without booze. There are so many bar-food places that don't claim to be high class that are just as good as this place. I grew up with the rib sauce and love it but for your average consumer skip it!This place is a wannabe sports bar that tries too hard to be high end. Just watch out for the vomiting college kids with trust funds...they're everywhere!!!!!