Primanti Brothers is definitely a Pittsburgh institution. If you are traveling through you definitely have stop here at least for the novelty factor. Overall food is good for a... well for a sandwich shop... But in the end I didn't leave with a sense that I really had to come back. The real novelty at Primanti Brothers is that all of there sandwiches include french fries and cole slaw inside that sandwich. And to that I say... who cares.  I personally didn't care for the fries and slaw inside my sandwich but I am also not a huge french fry or cole slaw fan. (I like the good ones but I can easily pass on average) I will say that their cole slaw which was vinegar rather than mayonnaise based was quite good. And there fries were above average but not as good as somewhere like say Five Guys. The ingredients in the sandwich were all pretty good. I had the Pastrami and my friend had the Angus steak. The bread meat cheese etc. were all good quality and were distinct when tasted individually. The sandwiches also seemed to work OK as a package but for some reason for me--aside from the novelty factor--they didn't stand out. I think that maybe with the fries and slaw in there there is just too much going on and those two tend to dominate the whole sandwich. It really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients. On the plus side the sandwiches average about $7 each and for that price your get a pretty decent sandwich. In the end Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through but I don't see myself craving these babies any time soon.Primanti Brothers is definitely a Pittsburgh institution. If you are traveling through you definitely have stop here at least for the novelty factor. Overall food is good for a... well for a sandwich shop... But in the end I didn't leave with a sense that I really had to come back. The real novelty at Primanti Brothers is that all of there sandwiches include french fries and cole slaw inside that sandwich. And to that I say... who cares.  I personally didn't care for the fries and slaw inside my sandwich but I am also not a huge french fry or cole slaw fan. (I like the good ones but I can easily pass on average) I will say that their cole slaw which was vinegar rather than mayonnaise based was quite good. And there fries were above average but not as good as somewhere like say Five Guys. The ingredients in the sandwich were all pretty good. I had the Pastrami and my friend had the Angus steak. The bread meat cheese etc. were all good quality and were distinct when tasted individually. The sandwiches also seemed to work OK as a package but for some reason for me--aside from the novelty factor--they didn't stand out. I think that maybe with the fries and slaw in there there is just too much going on and those two tend to dominate the whole sandwich. It really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients. On the plus side the sandwiches average about $7 each and for that price your get a pretty decent sandwich. In the end Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through but I don't see myself craving these babies any time soon.