I live in Regent Square and have been to Dunning.s about a half-dozen times over the past several years.  It was never a great restaurant in fact it was never even an average restaurant.  At best the food was mediocre and the only time that I would eat here was when I was too tired to get in my car and travel the three or so miles to the Union Grill in Oakland (which offers similar fare as Dunning.s - and does an incomparably better job of it).Recently however things have taken a nosedive at Dunning's.  I now consider Dunning's to be the single worst restaurant in the city that I've ever had the misfortune of entering.  I recently had the worst restaurant service experience of my life at Dunning's when our waitress first ignored our party then hurried us through our order then left us sit for over 20 minutes waiting for food with empty drinks.  We then received terrible food (soggy sandwiches brown lettuce in a salad and cold french fries - stone cold) and when we complained about our fries the waitress launched into an angry tirade (nearly yelling at us) about how it wasn't her fault that she just picks up the food and that there wasn't anything she could do about it.  When I asked to speak to the manager he just shook his head sadly and offered us free desserts.  I told him that I didn't want to eat anything that came out of a kitchen that clearly showed that the people working in it simply didn't care - at all and we didn't want to eat anything not even the food sitting in front of us and just wanted to pay our bill and leave.  He said that he was going to comp our meal.  It was a disastrous experience - the single worst restaurant experience of my life - and I will never return until the restaurant is under new management.  It is crystal-clear that the current manager and/or owner isn't doing his job and I cannot understand how anyone would choose to spend their hard-earned money at this establishment when virtually every other restaurant in town offers far better service and food.  In short: no one - not the manager not the waitresses not the cooks - cares about the customer.  Not at all.I live in Regent Square and have been to Dunning.s about a half-dozen times over the past several years.  It was never a great restaurant in fact it was never even an average restaurant.  At best the food was mediocre and the only time that I would eat here was when I was too tired to get in my car and travel the three or so miles to the Union Grill in Oakland (which offers similar fare as Dunning.s - and does an incomparably better job of it).Recently however things have taken a nosedive at Dunning's.  I now consider Dunning's to be the single worst restaurant in the city that I've ever had the misfortune of entering.  I recently had the worst restaurant service experience of my life at Dunning's when our waitress first ignored our party then hurried us through our order then left us sit for over 20 minutes waiting for food with empty drinks.  We then received terrible food (soggy sandwiches brown lettuce in a salad and cold french fries - stone cold) and when we complained about our fries the waitress launched into an angry tirade (nearly yelling at us) about how it wasn't her fault that she just picks up the food and that there wasn't anything she could do about it.  When I asked to speak to the manager he just shook his head sadly and offered us free desserts.  I told him that I didn't want to eat anything that came out of a kitchen that clearly showed that the people working in it simply didn't care - at all and we didn't want to eat anything not even the food sitting in front of us and just wanted to pay our bill and leave.  He said that he was going to comp our meal.  It was a disastrous experience - the single worst restaurant experience of my life - and I will never return until the restaurant is under new management.  It is crystal-clear that the current manager and/or owner isn't doing his job and I cannot understand how anyone would choose to spend their hard-earned money at this establishment when virtually every other restaurant in town offers far better service and food.  In short: no one - not the manager not the waitresses not the cooks - cares about the customer.  Not at all.