AVOID EXCEPT FOR SHEER LAUGHSThis place is just textbook in terms of epitomizing what NOT to do in a fancy Italian restaurant.  Meals are $30 a plate but ask your waiter for a bottle of Prosecco and he says What is that?  We ordered a gin and tonic watched him make it and were served our mixed drink literally with no ice.  Who serves a drink without ice?  We had no silverware had to request it repeatedly.  Our entrees dessert and coffee all came out at different times.  We received the check before being asked if we even wanted dessert or coffee for that matter.So - service aside the food is just mediocre and of no relevance to the Italian inspiration it proclaims.  Our stuffed banana pepper appetizer was too hard to cut with a fork but we had no knives.  The prime rib was fatty and cold.  The crab cakes were far more cake than crab you had to eat around it leaving a pile of filler mush.  Pasta was just pasta.  The atmosphere is also drab and just depressing.  And the split plate fee is exorbitant so we lied and shared food anyway.  Note that our check was still nearly $300 - for only five of us!Really truly avoid this place at all costs unless you're looking for a good story to laugh about.  The only redeeming quality here after an overpriced meal was that it left our party of 5 with a good story to tell.This is the second time I've been here the first time we just had sandwiches in the basement and it was also far from memorable.AVOID!AVOID EXCEPT FOR SHEER LAUGHSThis place is just textbook in terms of epitomizing what NOT to do in a fancy Italian restaurant.  Meals are $30 a plate but ask your waiter for a bottle of Prosecco and he says What is that?  We ordered a gin and tonic watched him make it and were served our mixed drink literally with no ice.  Who serves a drink without ice?  We had no silverware had to request it repeatedly.  Our entrees dessert and coffee all came out at different times.  We received the check before being asked if we even wanted dessert or coffee for that matter.So - service aside the food is just mediocre and of no relevance to the Italian inspiration it proclaims.  Our stuffed banana pepper appetizer was too hard to cut with a fork but we had no knives.  The prime rib was fatty and cold.  The crab cakes were far more cake than crab you had to eat around it leaving a pile of filler mush.  Pasta was just pasta.  The atmosphere is also drab and just depressing.  And the split plate fee is exorbitant so we lied and shared food anyway.  Note that our check was still nearly $300 - for only five of us!Really truly avoid this place at all costs unless you're looking for a good story to laugh about.  The only redeeming quality here after an overpriced meal was that it left our party of 5 with a good story to tell.This is the second time I've been here the first time we just had sandwiches in the basement and it was also far from memorable.AVOID!