I went to the Spaghetti Warehouse on a Sunday afternoon.   It was for a late lunch (about 2:00 p.m. when we arrived).  We were greeted by the hostess who took us to our table (which was in the trolley car).  It's a visually interesting place to dine.  However our chairs were rickety and appeared ready to collapse. The restaurant was mostly empty (which was not a surprise as we got there after the prime lunch hour but before dinner).  And yet although there wasn't a lot of other customers there all vying for the attention of the servers it took an unusually long time for our waitress to arrive at our table.  (A pattern which continued throughout the duration of our stay).   On the back of the menu there is a section for lunch entrees.  I ordered the Amazing 15 Layer Lasagne.   The three other people in my party all ordered the spaghetti with meatballs.   The food was...okay.  Nothing to write home about.  I've been eating Italian food for almost five decades.  And this is average - at best.  I'd say on par or slightly below Olive Garden.  It wasn't the worst food but certainly not the best.  And again I cannot overemphasize how below par the service was.   But the thing which really upset me was when we got our check.  They charged us dinner prices for each of our meals.   Again there is ONE menu and the pack of the menu has the lunch section.  It reads (until 3:00 p.m.).   What I failed to see (because it's in fine print) is the part where they only offer lunch prices Monday through Friday.   Really?  REALLY?   Are you kidding me?   That's B.S. no matter how you view it.  At no time did either the hostess or the waitress bother to explain to us up front that the lunch pricing wasn't in effect.   I HATE being ripped off.  And any restaurant which does that kind of crap is RIPPING PEOPLE OFF.   So congratulations Spaghetti Warehouse.  You got the better of me.  And I will never ever go there again.I went to the Spaghetti Warehouse on a Sunday afternoon.   It was for a late lunch (about 2:00 p.m. when we arrived).  We were greeted by the hostess who took us to our table (which was in the trolley car).  It's a visually interesting place to dine.  However our chairs were rickety and appeared ready to collapse. The restaurant was mostly empty (which was not a surprise as we got there after the prime lunch hour but before dinner).  And yet although there wasn't a lot of other customers there all vying for the attention of the servers it took an unusually long time for our waitress to arrive at our table.  (A pattern which continued throughout the duration of our stay).   On the back of the menu there is a section for lunch entrees.  I ordered the Amazing 15 Layer Lasagne.   The three other people in my party all ordered the spaghetti with meatballs.   The food was...okay.  Nothing to write home about.  I've been eating Italian food for almost five decades.  And this is average - at best.  I'd say on par or slightly below Olive Garden.  It wasn't the worst food but certainly not the best.  And again I cannot overemphasize how below par the service was.   But the thing which really upset me was when we got our check.  They charged us dinner prices for each of our meals.   Again there is ONE menu and the pack of the menu has the lunch section.  It reads (until 3:00 p.m.).   What I failed to see (because it's in fine print) is the part where they only offer lunch prices Monday through Friday.   Really?  REALLY?   Are you kidding me?   That's B.S. no matter how you view it.  At no time did either the hostess or the waitress bother to explain to us up front that the lunch pricing wasn't in effect.   I HATE being ripped off.  And any restaurant which does that kind of crap is RIPPING PEOPLE OFF.   So congratulations Spaghetti Warehouse.  You got the better of me.  And I will never ever go there again.