Hotel restaurants are just awful!  It's like you have to be mediocre to have a restaurant inside a hotel.  I don't get it!  Wouldn't they WANT you to stay and spend money on their property?? Nevertheless this place in the Westin hotel is no different.  For starters the place is sorely outdated.  The decorations look like they're straight out of an 80's music video.  I went with my mom who asked me if the glass sculptures on the ceiling where Chihuly's.  I almost choked on my bread when she asked! I always go for sushi when it's on the menu at a fish place.  I can't get away from it plus I need my weekly (or sometimes daily) fill of it!  So I ordered a spicy yellow tail roll and a ginger salad.  The spicy yellow tail was not spicy.  It had a side of spicy sauce.  I'm not too sure that qualifies it to be spicy with a dab of sauce.  The salad's ginger dressing was awful and watery.  I love ginger dressing when it's done right.  But it was not happening at this place! The thing that really made me mad is that the place is overpriced to begin with.  My tiny yellow tail roll was more expensive ($7) than the fabu Penn Ave Fish Co ($5.50) rolls.  And DEF not as good!  My mom ordered a bowl of fish soup.  This bowl was a deep dish salad bowl and looked as if there was a small ladle size serving.  It was hardly halfway full.  That's all my mom had ordered for lunch.  It was pretty sad looking.  So she asked for a little more from the server.  The server said that's all she could give her because it was restaurant policy.  Now let me tell you....I've worked at restaurants.  I've witnessed the people who eat their ENTIRE meal then say it was bad and want another one...and they get another one!  Now that's messed up!  Asking for a little more soup that's supposed to be a BOWL but looks more like a spoonful is hardly too much to ask for. Needless to say I will NOT be back. There are WAY better fish places in the city to fill my belly with hands down! Go to Penn Ave Fish Co It's opened a new location right on Fifth Ave! Don't say I didn't warn you!Hotel restaurants are just awful!  It's like you have to be mediocre to have a restaurant inside a hotel.  I don't get it!  Wouldn't they WANT you to stay and spend money on their property?? Nevertheless this place in the Westin hotel is no different.  For starters the place is sorely outdated.  The decorations look like they're straight out of an 80's music video.  I went with my mom who asked me if the glass sculptures on the ceiling where Chihuly's.  I almost choked on my bread when she asked! I always go for sushi when it's on the menu at a fish place.  I can't get away from it plus I need my weekly (or sometimes daily) fill of it!  So I ordered a spicy yellow tail roll and a ginger salad.  The spicy yellow tail was not spicy.  It had a side of spicy sauce.  I'm not too sure that qualifies it to be spicy with a dab of sauce.  The salad's ginger dressing was awful and watery.  I love ginger dressing when it's done right.  But it was not happening at this place! The thing that really made me mad is that the place is overpriced to begin with.  My tiny yellow tail roll was more expensive ($7) than the fabu Penn Ave Fish Co ($5.50) rolls.  And DEF not as good!  My mom ordered a bowl of fish soup.  This bowl was a deep dish salad bowl and looked as if there was a small ladle size serving.  It was hardly halfway full.  That's all my mom had ordered for lunch.  It was pretty sad looking.  So she asked for a little more from the server.  The server said that's all she could give her because it was restaurant policy.  Now let me tell you....I've worked at restaurants.  I've witnessed the people who eat their ENTIRE meal then say it was bad and want another one...and they get another one!  Now that's messed up!  Asking for a little more soup that's supposed to be a BOWL but looks more like a spoonful is hardly too much to ask for. Needless to say I will NOT be back. There are WAY better fish places in the city to fill my belly with hands down! Go to Penn Ave Fish Co It's opened a new location right on Fifth Ave! Don't say I didn't warn you!