Super slow service. They have inside and outside seating which is nice. However they only have two waitresses outside for about 20 tables. They don't take your entire order they only take your drink order and then your good order. It took 10 minutes to get our drink order. After finally getting our drinks she waited another ten minutes to come get our food. When we ordered our food when I asked for light coleslaw she said they can't do that and for me to just take it off. She explained that they just put fistfuls on it. So why can't they just put less fistfuls on it? Our waitress was very rude and didn't make me feel welcomed at all. She never introduced herself and just treated us like animals. I would never tell anybody to go to the Primanti Brothers again downtown. The one in Oakland is so much nicer and better quality. It's really bad management to have only two people serving outside when there are over 20 tables. It's not fair for the customers or for the servers. While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded.Super slow service. They have inside and outside seating which is nice. However they only have two waitresses outside for about 20 tables. They don't take your entire order they only take your drink order and then your good order. It took 10 minutes to get our drink order. After finally getting our drinks she waited another ten minutes to come get our food. When we ordered our food when I asked for light coleslaw she said they can't do that and for me to just take it off. She explained that they just put fistfuls on it. So why can't they just put less fistfuls on it? Our waitress was very rude and didn't make me feel welcomed at all. She never introduced herself and just treated us like animals. I would never tell anybody to go to the Primanti Brothers again downtown. The one in Oakland is so much nicer and better quality. It's really bad management to have only two people serving outside when there are over 20 tables. It's not fair for the customers or for the servers. While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded.