I am normally a Bar Louie Fan - my husband and I LOVE the one in Tampa.  This location needs a lot of work.  We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Improv.  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and a quick bite to eat.  We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received.  We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up but I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full.  There were also plenty of empty tables.  This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction.  But we grabbed a table.  I am not a clock watcher so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice that is not the issue.  The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were.  They had two bartenders on (I think) and not nearly enough cocktail servers.  The server apologized for the wait on the drinks but explained it away with this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped.  That is a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before.  Get more staff.  We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time not the fact that we did not get HH pricing.  Even though in my opinion they should have honored HH pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55.  We ended up going to the Improv and got food there.  Bar Louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our Pittsburgh business again or our friends who live there.I am normally a Bar Louie Fan - my husband and I LOVE the one in Tampa.  This location needs a lot of work.  We went on a Friday evening before a show at the Improv.  We were looking to meet up with friends and have drinks and a quick bite to eat.  We never got to the food part because of the level of service that we received.  We got there at about 6:40/6:45 so Happy Hour was wrapping up but I would say that the bar was not even 3/4 full.  There were also plenty of empty tables.  This should have been our sign to run in the opposite direction.  But we grabbed a table.  I am not a clock watcher so I am not sure how long it took us to get a server but it was at least 5-7 minutes.  Then we got our drinks at 7:04.  The only reason that I know is because I was looking at my phone because my husband and I wanted to get some apps ordered before the end of Happy Hour.  That went out the window.  When our friends for there; they ordered drinks.  We finished them and left.  The server was nice that is not the issue.  The issue was how GROSSLY UNDERSTAFFED they were.  They had two bartenders on (I think) and not nearly enough cocktail servers.  The server apologized for the wait on the drinks but explained it away with this happens at the end of happy hour because the bar get swamped.  That is a sign that you need more staff.  I have never had this happen at any other bar before.  Get more staff.  We ended up passing up on food because we were worried about time not the fact that we did not get HH pricing.  Even though in my opinion they should have honored HH pricing since we were ready to order food at 7:50/7:55.  We ended up going to the Improv and got food there.  Bar Louie lost a great deal of my money because their lack of staffing and they will never get our Pittsburgh business again or our friends who live there.