My experience may different from others because I am an attractive female who went in with 3 young African American males.  Good friends of mine who spent a helluva a lot of money in Pittsburgh that weekend - who work hard and expect good service for good money like everyone else.  We were greeted with reserved distant service.  The waiter said something nervously like It's all good or something that people don't even say anymore.  A round of Patron Margaritas were horrible.  They tasted entirely like sour mix and we couldn't even take more than two sips.  Of course when we ask that they be taken away and replaced with shots of Patron we were got the oh you're that type look and it took a while to convince the waiter that there was sincerely something wrong with the drinks.  Being used to that look black folks often stomach bad food just to not appear to be complainers but these drinks were horrible!  So in the spirit of good faith we ordered the some appetizers. Shrimp cocktail crab bisque and two oyster samplers.  The soup was bland shrimp were large but had a wierd texture that didn't seem fresh or like they'd been scrubbed to hide something and oysters were not evenly sampled on both orders. One appeared to contain mostly one type instead of the 8-9 different types.  We plunked down the $200 for the appetizers and drinks with a nice tip and said ciao - went and had dinner at Sonoma - which was much better... Fish Market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity OR new management.My experience may different from others because I am an attractive female who went in with 3 young African American males.  Good friends of mine who spent a helluva a lot of money in Pittsburgh that weekend - who work hard and expect good service for good money like everyone else.  We were greeted with reserved distant service.  The waiter said something nervously like It's all good or something that people don't even say anymore.  A round of Patron Margaritas were horrible.  They tasted entirely like sour mix and we couldn't even take more than two sips.  Of course when we ask that they be taken away and replaced with shots of Patron we were got the oh you're that type look and it took a while to convince the waiter that there was sincerely something wrong with the drinks.  Being used to that look black folks often stomach bad food just to not appear to be complainers but these drinks were horrible!  So in the spirit of good faith we ordered the some appetizers. Shrimp cocktail crab bisque and two oyster samplers.  The soup was bland shrimp were large but had a wierd texture that didn't seem fresh or like they'd been scrubbed to hide something and oysters were not evenly sampled on both orders. One appeared to contain mostly one type instead of the 8-9 different types.  We plunked down the $200 for the appetizers and drinks with a nice tip and said ciao - went and had dinner at Sonoma - which was much better... Fish Market needs some lessons on hospitality and diversity OR new management.