My family had been planning to go to Lidia's for a while and finally made a reservation for my dad's birthday. I was not really impressed with the whole experience overall. We got there for our reservation and it took a while for anyone to come greet us at the front of the place even though it wasn't very busy. They seated us outside but the outdoor seating is right next to the street and it wasn't very pleasant. They were nice enough to move us inside without complaint. We ordered drinks which took a long time to get there. I had the pasta trio special I really liked the idea of getting to sample three different fresh recipes. I only really liked one (I know it changes up though) and only got a refill of that one. My sister got the seafood alfredo which she said was good. I don't even remember what my parents ordered because it wasn't very memorable. Although the service was decent and the food was okay I was just generally unimpressed and felt like we paid a lot for just a meh experience and food.My family had been planning to go to Lidia's for a while and finally made a reservation for my dad's birthday. I was not really impressed with the whole experience overall. We got there for our reservation and it took a while for anyone to come greet us at the front of the place even though it wasn't very busy. They seated us outside but the outdoor seating is right next to the street and it wasn't very pleasant. They were nice enough to move us inside without complaint. We ordered drinks which took a long time to get there. I had the pasta trio special I really liked the idea of getting to sample three different fresh recipes. I only really liked one (I know it changes up though) and only got a refill of that one. My sister got the seafood alfredo which she said was good. I don't even remember what my parents ordered because it wasn't very memorable. Although the service was decent and the food was okay I was just generally unimpressed and felt like we paid a lot for just a meh experience and food.