I really want to give this place a good review the decor is beautiful the wine list is great (about ten $28 bottles red and white the pino grigio we had was phenom!) the service was fine but the food was totally forgettable.The service.... You know how when you get a jokey waiter when you're not that kind of table you expect the waiter to get the hint and be more professional? Well I had the exact opposite experience. My very small office was saying goodbye to one of our coworkers so we went to Lidia's for a boozy lunch. We were in high spirits and having a great time. The waiter was perfectly courteous and professional but I thought he should have gotten that we were a more personable table. Anyway I didn't knock off a star for this it doesn't seem important enough. But it did taint my visit. I remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food.Oh and don't bother with the tiramisu it's all cream almost no cake.But the atmosphere is great they really went all out with the interior design. The menu isn't particularly veg friendly but it's not too bad. Lidia's does high-end traditional Italian without being too pretentious or too predictable. But I have no desire to eat what I ordered (the daily special pasta trio) again nor do I have any interest in trying anything else on the menu. Months later I decided to lower my stars from four to two. I really wanted to like this place but I really didn't.And I gotta talk about that wine list again it's Lidia's only shining star. Of course they have a pricey reserve list but they have a whole bunch of really cheap good bottles and a bunch of wines by the glass too.I really want to give this place a good review the decor is beautiful the wine list is great (about ten $28 bottles red and white the pino grigio we had was phenom!) the service was fine but the food was totally forgettable.The service.... You know how when you get a jokey waiter when you're not that kind of table you expect the waiter to get the hint and be more professional? Well I had the exact opposite experience. My very small office was saying goodbye to one of our coworkers so we went to Lidia's for a boozy lunch. We were in high spirits and having a great time. The waiter was perfectly courteous and professional but I thought he should have gotten that we were a more personable table. Anyway I didn't knock off a star for this it doesn't seem important enough. But it did taint my visit. I remember the waiters attitude more then some of the food.Oh and don't bother with the tiramisu it's all cream almost no cake.But the atmosphere is great they really went all out with the interior design. The menu isn't particularly veg friendly but it's not too bad. Lidia's does high-end traditional Italian without being too pretentious or too predictable. But I have no desire to eat what I ordered (the daily special pasta trio) again nor do I have any interest in trying anything else on the menu. Months later I decided to lower my stars from four to two. I really wanted to like this place but I really didn't.And I gotta talk about that wine list again it's Lidia's only shining star. Of course they have a pricey reserve list but they have a whole bunch of really cheap good bottles and a bunch of wines by the glass too.