I've been to Buffalo Blues a few times at Happy Hour and met my daughter there last night for Happy Hour specials as advertised on the web site.  First clue:  no Happy Hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the Yeungs and Wings (which was not what we were looking for).  We came close to leaving as my beer was off the draft list but we decided to stay and were disappointed that my daughter's choice was already gone although still ilsted.  The food was awful the service worse.  Maybe a busser should clean the table after removing the dirty dishes--our table was a sticky  mess.  The service:  one beer to the table at a time.  Next round I saw two beers go to a three-top removed and sent to the bar poured out and the glasses refilled and brought to us.  Someone else's food was brought to our table our fries came out --lukewarm---but our wing order never went in.  So we got our garlic parm wings which tasted like old overcooked chicken and was way too crispy and greasy for my taste.  We ate two each then told the server we didn't want them.  She offered to take them off but we told her that wasn't necessary so they took off 1/2 the price as a Customer service gesture.  Still we had a Happy Hour bill for 1/2 eaten fries barely touched wings and 6 drafts total of $45 at a dirty table.  At least the place was quiet--there were empty tables everywhere.  I think we're done here.I've been to Buffalo Blues a few times at Happy Hour and met my daughter there last night for Happy Hour specials as advertised on the web site.  First clue:  no Happy Hour promos mentioned in the bar except for the Yeungs and Wings (which was not what we were looking for).  We came close to leaving as my beer was off the draft list but we decided to stay and were disappointed that my daughter's choice was already gone although still ilsted.  The food was awful the service worse.  Maybe a busser should clean the table after removing the dirty dishes--our table was a sticky  mess.  The service:  one beer to the table at a time.  Next round I saw two beers go to a three-top removed and sent to the bar poured out and the glasses refilled and brought to us.  Someone else's food was brought to our table our fries came out --lukewarm---but our wing order never went in.  So we got our garlic parm wings which tasted like old overcooked chicken and was way too crispy and greasy for my taste.  We ate two each then told the server we didn't want them.  She offered to take them off but we told her that wasn't necessary so they took off 1/2 the price as a Customer service gesture.  Still we had a Happy Hour bill for 1/2 eaten fries barely touched wings and 6 drafts total of $45 at a dirty table.  At least the place was quiet--there were empty tables everywhere.  I think we're done here.