I wish i could give this place no stars! we sat for lunch after a lunch rush there were 2 other table in the restaurant besides ours we ordered a blt with chili and a cesar salad....1 hour latler a stale BLT and chili that looked like it had been sitting there for 2 hours comes out. I was still waiting for my cesar salad. The chili was cold and the blt bread was so hard you couldnt bite into it. When we asked to speak to the manager the waitress got very defensive... the manager came over and explained that is their food and how its made so he wasnt sure of the problem. After an argument going back and forth ensued he agreed to comp the meals. Here is the kicker haha...we were going to leave the waitress a tip because clearly it was not her fault however she came over and asked if our problem was resolved we said yes and then she rolled her eyes and walked away. No tip for you my friend. This is not how you do business especially when there are other options BESIDES SOHO to choose from for lunch.I wish i could give this place no stars! we sat for lunch after a lunch rush there were 2 other table in the restaurant besides ours we ordered a blt with chili and a cesar salad....1 hour latler a stale BLT and chili that looked like it had been sitting there for 2 hours comes out. I was still waiting for my cesar salad. The chili was cold and the blt bread was so hard you couldnt bite into it. When we asked to speak to the manager the waitress got very defensive... the manager came over and explained that is their food and how its made so he wasnt sure of the problem. After an argument going back and forth ensued he agreed to comp the meals. Here is the kicker haha...we were going to leave the waitress a tip because clearly it was not her fault however she came over and asked if our problem was resolved we said yes and then she rolled her eyes and walked away. No tip for you my friend. This is not how you do business especially when there are other options BESIDES SOHO to choose from for lunch.