Hotel restaurant/bars are usually not known for being the best in town.  So when I had the opportunity to eat and drink at SoHo recently I can not say I was surprised that I found the cuisine to be on the uninspiring side.  Is it terrible?  No  but you know that better is out there.  The blackened chicken wrap was boring.  The flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland.  Also white tortillas just do not do it for me.  Why does it seem that Pittsburgh wants to thrive on fatty flavorless food?Upon ordering the caesar salad on New Year's Eve I was told that the restaurant has no non- or low-fat dressing option...at all.  However I can order a salad with FRENCH FRIES on it.  Seriously?  The salad was fine by the way and is a large portion but knowing  that tons of calories had to be consumed just to get a vegetable in me was disappointing.On the bright side the smoked turkey wrap which comes with havarti cheese and cranberry sauce was ridiculously good.  The turkey was juicy and melded perfectly with the cheese and cranberries.  That I could eat again and it would  fill me up all day.I also sampled the buffalo pierogies and really just found them to be the Mrs. T's ones with Frank's Hot Sauce on them.  They were good but uncreative considering the price ($8.99).The drinks here are decently priced and pretty good.  Friends I was with sampled a few of the drinks on the interesting cocktail menu and were happy with their choices...they were strong drinks.  When my co-worker and I arrived though one night to dine here we were not offered cocktail menus so I just stuck with wine until I was no longer in the mood for a cocktail.  Service on New Year's Eve was apathetic.  Granted the place was packed but we had  to wait for silverware and had our food and drinks pretty much thrown at us.  Even when it slowed down we were barely paid attention to and were hardly treated with any amount of friendliness even though numerous drinks and food orders were made.There are a ton of TVs here so it is a great spot to watch a game.  Even during busy times there is a space for you but it will take a while to flag down a server to seat you if you want to sit.  I think I would stop back here if I find myself at the Springhill Suites again but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.  Can't win 'em all right?  Pro-tip:  You can not access the restaurant from the hotel it is attached to (Springhill Suites) without a key and you can not leave the restaurant to get into the hotel without one.  Want some good people watching?  Sit and watch people try to get from one to the other without realizing you need a key.  Ridiculous.  Since you can access each of these places without a key from other doors this does not make any sense.  But it is what it is so do not forget your key!Hotel restaurant/bars are usually not known for being the best in town.  So when I had the opportunity to eat and drink at SoHo recently I can not say I was surprised that I found the cuisine to be on the uninspiring side.  Is it terrible?  No  but you know that better is out there.  The blackened chicken wrap was boring.  The flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland.  Also white tortillas just do not do it for me.  Why does it seem that Pittsburgh wants to thrive on fatty flavorless food?Upon ordering the caesar salad on New Year's Eve I was told that the restaurant has no non- or low-fat dressing option...at all.  However I can order a salad with FRENCH FRIES on it.  Seriously?  The salad was fine by the way and is a large portion but knowing  that tons of calories had to be consumed just to get a vegetable in me was disappointing.On the bright side the smoked turkey wrap which comes with havarti cheese and cranberry sauce was ridiculously good.  The turkey was juicy and melded perfectly with the cheese and cranberries.  That I could eat again and it would  fill me up all day.I also sampled the buffalo pierogies and really just found them to be the Mrs. T's ones with Frank's Hot Sauce on them.  They were good but uncreative considering the price ($8.99).The drinks here are decently priced and pretty good.  Friends I was with sampled a few of the drinks on the interesting cocktail menu and were happy with their choices...they were strong drinks.  When my co-worker and I arrived though one night to dine here we were not offered cocktail menus so I just stuck with wine until I was no longer in the mood for a cocktail.  Service on New Year's Eve was apathetic.  Granted the place was packed but we had  to wait for silverware and had our food and drinks pretty much thrown at us.  Even when it slowed down we were barely paid attention to and were hardly treated with any amount of friendliness even though numerous drinks and food orders were made.There are a ton of TVs here so it is a great spot to watch a game.  Even during busy times there is a space for you but it will take a while to flag down a server to seat you if you want to sit.  I think I would stop back here if I find myself at the Springhill Suites again but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.  Can't win 'em all right?  Pro-tip:  You can not access the restaurant from the hotel it is attached to (Springhill Suites) without a key and you can not leave the restaurant to get into the hotel without one.  Want some good people watching?  Sit and watch people try to get from one to the other without realizing you need a key.  Ridiculous.  Since you can access each of these places without a key from other doors this does not make any sense.  But it is what it is so do not forget your key!