DISABLED PEOPLE PLEASE BEWARE I've been a patron of Cajun Queen for over a decade but my experience tonight was humiliating. I treated my sister to  a birthday dinner and despite our online reservation we were asked to leave in  the most demeaning of ways. I have a debilitating childhood disease and use a wheelchair on occasion ; tonight was one such occasion. I could only order food I knew didn't require cutting so I opted for potatoes and a salad. My sister ordered a full meal with wine. I had two mixed drinks (so we're not cheap diners). We had to signal for another glass of wine for my sister despite seeing the party next to us being served appropriately. I'm not sure why we were overlooked but I'm left to wonder if it's the small portion I ordered that was disparaging.Anyway when my sister went to look upstairs a minute to reminisce our server asked my sister quite off the cuff Do you want help with 'her' (wheel)chair? I kinda need that table.Taken aback my sister said No. We took note of the EMPTY tables on BOTH sides of us and the fact that the restaurant wasn't crazy busy as we remembered. I spent $67 on a tab for two  and left a TIP of $20--clearly more than twenty percent.I don't know many people who tip as graciously as I  do. My reasoning for leaving the tip despite the service was it being Christmas time and it's something I do for goodwill.When we rolled to the handicap ramp it was completely (I mean completely) blocked off by an A-frame sign about parking; see for yourself. Had  my sister not been with me I would have not been able to access the restaurant at all.I haven't  always been disabled and ran a restaurant myself (loved every minute of it). I know how people can take advantage (campers) and I know people can be uber-cheap at tipping. I don't fall into  either ilk. I know good service when I see it; I know how to approach diners who overstay their 'welcome (their can NEVER be anyone who overstay their welcome; consider it flattery); it's part of doing business and keeping patrons happy.  Take a loss here and there. We were in and HOME in a little over two hours. The couple beside us with the adorable little girl who  laid all over the booth was fine by me; she's a child and CQ is a noisy place. I felt a sting of angst when I asked for my food to be wrapped. The facial gestures were quite unsettling.Please don't tell me I'm sensitive: I've had over FORTY surgeries--TWO with NO painkillers afterwards. I've walked on a BROKEN leg to buy wrapping paper tape been accosted because I wasn't 'messed up' enough' to ''deserve a handicap tag. So enough ---but there's  no excuse for inhospitably between diner and those needing  to use the facilities.''PLeASe let these be a isolated parents.'PLEASE LEAVE :)