Based on the AWFUL service I received the last three times I dined here I will never ever come back to this restaurant--and it is a real shame bc I really wanted to like this place.Strike 1 (and the biggest offense) Light Up Night - I called for reservations but was hung up on and told we didn't need them.  My party of 4 arrived at 5ish expecting a packed restaurant but the place was EMPTY.  We asked for a table and were told due to the amount of reservations it was going to be an hour.  I get that--but the place was EMPTY.  The host was NOT gracious about this instead he seemed frazzled and bothered by our being there.We sat at the super cool looking bar and ordered drinks and asked if we could order appetizers to the bar.  The bartender who was a complete dick said I have a full house tonight I'm not going to take food orders at the bar.  I'd like to mention this guy is apparently the bar tender at the Papa J's in Carnegie--not the regular bartender who is awesome.The place is EMPTY.  We order drinks.  And we wait and we wait and we wait.  All the while we can see empty tables and I kept thinking...you know...if you had just sat us we would have been out of here by now!  So I asked the bartender who was helping the host...  Why can't you just seat us since the place is empty its been an HOUR and we just want to know when you think we might get seated.  We would have left but honestly we were invested with our time at this point.  The bartender said Well for all the people who could take the time to make a reservation we hold a table for them.  Well...yikes.  If this is how you act no wonder your restaurant has been dead every single other time we have been there.When we finally were sat we were seated in a tiny table wedged in a room with a huge party that was three sets of parents and like their 36 screaming children.  It was such a nightmare.Turns out they had the regular bartender waiting tables that night and he felt so bad about our wait and where we got seated he took one of the entrees off the bill.  So that was cool but not enough to make up for his moron coworker.Strike 2 - If you go there for lunch and you order a hamburger expect the waitress to give you attitude if you ask for cheese.  Yeah if you didn't know this was an italian restaurant and we only have mozzerella.  Really?  I didn't know hamburgers were traditional Italian fare.  I wouldn't have been that upset but my hamburger--which was burnt flavorless and tasted like freezer burn along with my diet coke came to $14.00.  For a burger.  and a coke.  The prices here can be ridiculous.Strike 3-  Empty restaurant.  I mean EMPTY.  My friend and i are there and we had bread wiith our meals.  Our thing of olive oil was empty and there was a full thing of olive oil on the table next to ours.  NO ONE ELSE in the same dining room.  I took the olive oil off the table next to ours.  Our waitress came over and was like Ma'am this is not a free for all you can't just take things from the tables if you need something you have to ask.  WTF!  There was no one there and it was just olive oil... and also had she been attentive I wouldn't have needed to take the olive oil.  She would have brought us a full one.So I've tried this place 5 times and that was enough.  I dont know how it remains open but I suspect it will close soon.  Not worth the attitude of the staff.  They dont seem to appreciate the few customers they do have which is a shame bc when I like a restaurant I recommend it and I bring my friends there.