After eating at Bistro 19 I was very excited when I saw that Il Pizzaiolo was right next door.  I had thought about eating here in the past but was always put off by the location.  That being said I went to Il Pizzaiolo last night with my fiance and I have to say I was very disappointed.  We started with the Caesar salad which was OK.  The dressing was delicious however there was very little of it and we found ourselves eating entire bites of dry flavorless lettuce.  It was also an outrageous $10 dollars.  Don't get me wrong had this been an entree sized portion $10 would have been more than appropriate.  However it was just a starter size and should have been no more than $6.We then shared their margherita pizza which had delicious flavors but was incredibly soggy.  It was also fairly small but that was almost to be expected.  It was $12 dollars so the size was not necessarily a problem however it was hard to enjoy such a soggy mess of a pizza.  We also shared a pasta dish which was INCREDIBLY overpriced.  At $17 dollars I was expecting more than a small bowl filled with dry pasta.  It was homemade and well made however it was almost insultingly small.  We finished with tiramisu which was excellent and appropriately priced at $8.In all I found the flavors of their food to be excellent however i was horribly misled.  Not only was every menu I found online roughly $2 to $3 dollars cheaper than their actual menu but there was a table next to us who ordered pasta and received an enormous portion prompting us to order pasta.  It was only till later did we realize that they were employees who had decided to dine their for the evening.  We also had a serious problem with the timing of the food.  The service was great however for a Tuesday night I would have thought their kitchen could time the courses properly; we had barely started our salad when the entree's came.  In all I don't think I will be going back to this restaurant nor would I recommend anyone waste their time traveling out to Mt. Lebanon for average Italian.