We just went here last night because of charlotte restaurant week and wanting to try a different upscale restaurant.  The experience was nothing close to nice or upscale.  We arrived and were promptly seated by a friendly hostess A+ to the hostesses.It took some minutes before our waiter came to us friendly but slow.  Kevin and I both ordered our appetizers meal and dessert all at once along with a drink from the bar.  Kevin ordered soup and I ordered a salad.  Kevins soup came no salad for me.  The server came by with bread and did not say a thing.  My salad finally arrives.  A few minutes later the server returns and mentions she is glad to see that I have my salad now and was wondering what happened to it.  Both the soup and the salad were good but to eat starters separately should not happen.  After finishing I finally get my bar drink the server appologizes for it taking so long.Next to courses.  Kevin had lobster pasta and I had steak.  My steak was dropped off but no steak knife was dropped off by our waiter the person who dropped off the food or anyone.  Waiter no where in sight I flag down someone for a steak knife.  Aside from that the steak was good had a nice flavor.  Kevin liked his but did not think it was anything special.We finish the main course and are waiting around for some time our waiter comes by and asks us if we want boxes we say yes.  A couple minutes later a guy comes by with our desserts. He asked us of we were still working on our dinners suprised to see them on the table.  We told him we were waiting on boxes.  He takes them away to box them.  A few minutes later our waiter comes with boxes and is surprised to see our food gone.  Aside from that the desserts were good.  The chocolate cake was rich but great!Overall I was not blown away by the food and since the service and experience was awful I will not be back.  If I'm going to pay a lot of money for dinner it should all be great.  It was just like going to a mediocre restaurant felt nothing like an upscale restaurant.