We chose to visit Mert's over going to a high-end chain because we wanted southern style cuisine it was featured in travel guide from our hotel and it got great reviews on Yelp.  I was in town earlier this month with my Mom and toddler while we visited my youngest brother who was working in nearby Kannapolis.  We were able to sit down right away and outdoors which was great.  However we were highly disappointed by the food.  And the experience is still memorable enough for me to write about now.First they were out of the fried green tomatoes which we wanted to try and we were actually there relatively early to when they opened.  The eggroll-style appetizer that was recommended instead was good but definitely within the same criteria of what we were looking for.  99% of the menu has fried food which my brother was most disappointed about since we chose the restaurant without too much input on his part.  My Mom and I decided to share the Mert's Famous Salmon Cakes.  While the size was decent the taste was lacking and I felt it might be slightly under-cooked.  For our sides we chose greens and the red beans both of which were just ok.  And I will actually say the greens were my favorite food out of what I had if forced to choose.  My brother ordered the Shrimp Creole which just tasted like tomatoes and the shrimp was not popcorn style as described on the menu.  If it had tasted better I think my brother could have been happy that he found something not fried on the menu even though he had decided if he was going to make a diet exception that he was looking forward to it being popcorn shrimp.  After our waitress checked on us she said as a person from New Orleans had we asked her she would have told us that the Shrimp Creole is not on her recommendation list.  However because other customers have enjoyed it she does not deter people form ordering it...tough position to be in I guess.  My brother also ordered the potato salad which was very heavy on the mustard and vinegar.  I'm accustomed to this style of potato salad but like I said it just had too much mustard for my liking.  My daughter had the chicken tenders from the kids menu which I found to be on the salty side but she seemed to enjoy them.  She also liked the okra and tomato and yams sides that we ordered for her.  The server was nice and she took decent care of us.  She forgot more coffee like my Mom requested but we also noticed that she seemed to have several tables.  Overall I would say I'm not likely to give it another chance just because it seemed like we were in an area with a lot of choices which might have been a lot better.  I don't know if the chef was having off day or what but I just left very disappointed and felt bad that I was the primary person pushing to try Mert's during our brief trip to Charlotte.