Lidia's is an upscale Olive Garden with slightly better wine list.The biggest problem?  Everything is bland. They have a salt problem. They must not have it in their kitchen. Everything needed it.The salads were the only fairly good items we had. The arugula salad with pear walnuts and Gorgonzola was well dressed but the beets were not cooked to their sweet level. The lamb chops were awful. Lamb tasted like the grill and not at all like lamb.  I sent it back. They replaced it with pork tenderloin served on a tomato sauce (needed salt) and with cheese melted over the top with asparagus and a slice of Roma tomato. It was a sad sad dish. The tomato was hard as rock. The tenderloin was over cooked.  Just bad.I had the chicken piccata upon the recommendation of the server. It had lemon capers and green olives. The vinegar fought with the lemon in the most vile way. The chicken had that flour coated slime feel in the mouth. Served on a bed of spinach. That was the only decent taste on the plate if it didn't have any of the sauce on it. Bread is awful. They have a foccacia and skinny bread sticks that tasted stale to me. Served with an olive spread and a garlic white bean spread. They were fine on their own - in fact rather tasty.The menu is really odd. Just in the way it is laid out and with the choices. Two west coast fish selections. Halibut and salmon.  Coming from the west coast I just overlooked them by a matter of principle. But the worse is the pasta trio. The concept is just so olive garden. All you can eat of three different pastas served table side. They cart a sauté pan to your table. What is that all about? Our neighbors ordered it and I over heard them talking to their server about their disappointment.But like all things Pittsburgh the people were so nice. They were gracious about the lamb and took it and the pork replacement off the bill. I just have to wonder why Lidia would create a menu like this. It just doesn't match her books or shows at all. It does nothing to support the brand of Lidia. Unless she is really trying to take over the Olive Garden market.