A restaurant that has gone steeply downhill...It's been roughly 2-3 years since I have been to lidias an experience in which I remember having decent food and service... Tonight was far different.Overall let me say that the restaurant is becoming dated. Colors and decor seem boring and out of style. I didn't get that warm feeling I should in a place where there are white clothes $12 average glasses of wine (like come on - I looked up the crappy bottle it came from) and waiters everywhere.The service was horrible. From hostess crew to the bar to the waitress it was bad. The hostess forgot about us then when I reminded him we were waiting (40 minutes - despite a reservation) to which he said oh yes I was just going to get you... But he wasn't because we stood there a few minutes while he set the table. Rude.Did I mention the service was bad? Well while we were waiting we had a glass of wine each (a steep $13.50 glass each - definitely didn't live up to my expectations). The bar staff wasn't concerned with us and weren't friendly at all. They were chatting to themselves and basically ignoring us.  When we got to the table it took 10 mins to meet our waitress. Then it took another 15 to order.  Then 50 mins to get our food!!! I had the pasta trio (remember this meal takes no time to cook  - as this is ready made and constantly being served) and my wife had the porkchop. Honestly we typically enjoy our restaurant food (just read my Casbah review) but our food was really just so-so. My wife's pork chop was fatty and over-cooked (despite the waitress specifically making note of how the chef prefers to cook it medium). My pasta was decent which I ate and requested seconds (which is allowed for the trio because they give you very small portions).... However seconds never came. Waitress didn't even know until I told her politely. Then she blamed new staff working the pasta routes... No good enough reason for me - sorry. Then the bill.  I ordered the pasta trio for $23 and the waitress asked me if I wanted to upgrade my Salad for $2 to which I approved. However she charged the $36 pasta trio (which comes with desert). I told her this was a mistake and she agreed and ran back with a new check. Now I had a $10 salad and $23 pasta trio. I was expecting $23 +$2 salad upgrade. Nope. So I explained to her politely that I ordered the $23 trio to which she (must have) mistakenly offered me an upgrade. I accepted. However I was told I was wrong and she didn't offer to make this right. Ugh. Seriously you want to fight me on it? Especially when I know I was being appropriately (not like I was trying to score a free meal). Isn't the rule customer is always right?Finally we felt like the whole restaurant clientele has declined. How many people did we see in tie-dye shirt or wearing hats (literally wearing hats at 8:30pm in a fine dining restaurant)? We saw enough to know that this isn't the lidias we expected.We won't ever go back or recommend the place.  As far as we are concerned - there is a very good reason that you don't have a problem getting a reservation here (because IT STINKS!). Avoid!