First of I really love Buca's food. It's really good and a favorite of mine and my roommate's is the Baked Ziti. We love the atmosphere of it and we honestly have a good time(usually) when we go but recently...the past few visits haven't been so great.(03/13)Starting off with last night(Wednesday) my roommate and I planned to go  after I got off work for their National Raviolli day coupon. We got there at 9:20 40 minutes before they closed. I know it's a little late but we can normally get done within that time frame. But when we walked in we waited for a few minutes before the hostess finally walked into the waiting area...with her purse over her shoulder.She told us they had already closed and after mentioning that we thought they didn't close until 10(we checked the website before going) she reluctantly took us to a table...in a room where everyone else was. It was a little awkward for us and after waiting for maybe 5 minutes while discussing whether we should stay or not we left. The impression we got upon arriving although late left a sour note. We're both very disappointed and ended up settling for pizza(which is no where near as good as their food). I was really looked forward to it all day until I showed up.(02/13)The time before that I went with my roommate again and a friend. We arrived an hour before close(again late I know) but this time we had no problem getting seats. Our problem was with the service. Our actual waitress didn't start serving us until AFTER our food had arrived. A waitress from a different section noticed us and helped us out until our waitress finally showed up. We didn't get refills until we had to stop someone to ask for them which shouldn't have been that hard when there honestly weren't more than four other groups there at the time. Again it was disappointing.(01/13)The time before that experience I went with my parents and three friends. It was a busy Friday night but we didn't have to wait long to get a table. The service was great but the annoying part was that every table but ours in the room claimed to be having a birthday. Literally every table. So we had to listen to their birthday song five times just in that one room while it went on in several other rooms. It ended up being very irritating and I honestly don't believe that everyone having a birthday in Charlotte that night would all go to Buca.Overall I really love Buca Di Beppo's food but the service has increasingly gone downhill since our first try in early 2012. Now when I go I see more problems than good experiences and honestly I think the only way I'll be getting their food from now on is if I go with a large group early on in the day or through take out(which is usually cheaper).Sorry Buca...but I think you deserve this one.