Until recently I worked near the mall and a couple of weeks ago my wife and daughter decided to surprise me at work for a family lunch date and this OG was selected.  Biggest mistake ... ever.The only positive part of the visit was the host/hostess station who had their act together enough to seat us with minimal wait.  We then sat at the table for15 minutes before anyone resembling a waiter appeared.  When our waiter approached our table he set down two menus and walked away without saying a single word or acknowledging us in any way.  We then waited another 10 minutes before he returned to take our drink AND meal order.At this point we were both upset but decided to give them a pass since it was a busy lunch rush on a Friday.  My wife and I both ordered coke and decided to get the all you can eat three pasta promotion and asked for our garlic bread and salad to be brought out before the meal.  We then did not see our waiter again for 30 minutes when he appeared carrying our entire meal out on one tray - drinks and pasta - without salad or bread sticks.  We were visibly upset at this point my lunch hour was now over and we were just now getting our incomplete first round of our all you can eat order.He literally put the food down on the edge of the table without asking us who had which dish and disappeared again.  My wife had ordered the fettuccine Alfredo for her first dish. I am not exaggerating when I say that what she was brought was a bowl of cold linguini noodles with a glubbed-on ball of cold Alfredo sauce sitting in the center on top of the noodles.I never request to see the manager when the service is this poor because management is always the problem.  Incompetent management breeds the hiring of incompetent wait staff so rather than make a scene I simply leave the restaurant.  If they care to stop me to try to insist I pay well then game on.  No one stopped me.I returned to work with an empty stomach and placed yet another restaurant on my black list.  And we never did receive our salad and bread.Olive Garden - your food is not that good to begin with.  If you wish to stay in business I suggest you visit stores for quality checks on a much more frequent basis - especially this location.  Just dreadfully awful.Cheers!