I was so looking forward to my birthday dinner at Aquavina on Sept 29 2012.  What a disaster!  www.aquavina.com states the following:  Complimentary Valet service is available Monday through Saturday after 5pm on College Street between Stonewall & 2nd Street.  Upon going to this location there was no valet parking so we parked in the parking garage below the restaurant for a $5 charge.  Upon entering the restaurant we asked our waiter about the valet parking and he stated  there was no valet parking but I will stamp a sheet of paper so you can be be reimbursed by the parking attendant when you leave.  Then the waiter brought our water and poured from a pitcher.  Another couple said down a few minutes after us and they were asked by a different waiter if they wanted sparking water bottled water or tap water. We were never given that option.  After this it was quite a while before our waiter even came back to take our order. The other couple who arrived after us ordered and received their food before we did.  Once we ordered my husband ordered filet mignon which came with asparagus.  He asked to substitute the asparagus (which was only two pieces) for macaroni and cheese and the waiter said that would be fine.  The meal came by someone other than our waiter and came with the asparagus.  He advised the food server he asked for mac and cheese so this person said he would get the mac and cheese.  Several minutes later the server brought the mac and cheese and our waiter still had not been back to our table.  In addition we had asked for an extra napkins and that was never delivered so my husband asked the server to bring one which he did.  From the beginning to the end of our visit we saw our waiter maybe three times. once to bring the water once to take our order once to bring the bill.  He did visit our table only once during our meal to see if all was o.k.  It was necessary to ask another waiter to bring a glass of wine.  Then we received the check and there was an additional $7 charge for the mac and cheese.  This was a substitution for the asparagus not a side dish.  No one ever mentioned an additional $7.  We talked with the manager about this and in addition we discussed the non-existent service we had received.  The manager brought us a corrected check with an $11 discount.  The price for this meal was over $100 without the discount and without a tip.  So we were more than ready to leave asap. We return to our vehicle with our validated stamp for the parking refund.  No attendant was to be found to refund our $5 parking charge.  I did call and speak with the manager regarding this and we were told I could come back to the restaurant and he would refund the $5.  Now really would I want to re-visit this restaurant under any circumstances?  NOT IN A LIFETIME!!!  This is supposedly one of Charlotte's finest.....well our experience was not one of Charlotte's finest.  For this type of so-called upscale restaurant what we experienced was less than the service one would receive at McDonald's.  My birthday dinner turned out to be a disaster.