I wouldn't be so quick to hand out only one star but after much consideration I can't give this place any more. My wife and I went on a Thursday night. The place was less than half full yet the hostess had us wait between 5-10 minutes for them to clean a table before seating us. Seems kind of asinine when there are plenty of empty seats throughout the restaurant. I understand that due to staffing they may have wanted to sit us in a particular server's section but I believe customer service is all about perception. Our waitress did not seem very enthusiastic.The food was a mixed bag. My wife enjoyed her LongHorn Salmon but my Renegade Top Sirloin was ruined by being served completely drenched in oil. I've eaten at Longhorn in Maine a couple of times and don't remember their steaks being served this way. If this is normal here then I much prefer the steaks at Texas Roadhouse for this price range. My lobster tail was good and not overcooked. For dessert my wife and I shared a Caramel Apple Goldrush. This was most excellent and almost warranted an extra star.The main reason for the one star is what happened after our visit. I had left a $10 cash tip and filled out the credit card slip to reflect this. A few days later when the charge showed up on my credit card statement I found that an additional $10 had been added. I immediately went back to the restaurant and spoke very cordially with a manager showing him the receipt for my visit and my credit card statement. Everyone makes mistakes but it's how a business handles a customer after a mistake is made that sets the tone for future business. The first thing he did after researching the error in the back is offer a $10 coupon. That is not acceptable to me because to take advantage of this I'd have to eat here again. He asked me what he should do (isn't HE the manager?) and I suggested that he credit the overcharge back to my card or void/refund the full amount and recharge it. I was told that I'd have to fill out a form that would have to be faxed to corporate then I'd have to wait an unknown number of days to see the amount credited back to my card. I understand that there may be corporate policies that he has to follow but there seemed to be very little compassion or empathy on his part. He should have still offered the coupon or maybe a comp'd entrée for the trouble of driving all the way back to the store because of a pretty significant error one of their employees made. No such luck. I would not have necessarily accepted the offer but the gesture would definitely be appreciated and goes a long way towards a customers' perceptions about how important they are to a business. I do have a background in customer service management and this would have never flown under my watch.My wife and I have never been disappointed at Texas Roadhouse in Matthews where the staff has always been enthusiastic and the food is exactly what we expect at this style of restaurant. I guess we'll stick with that when we're in the mood for a slab of beef and all the fixin's.