Ok so I know this place is somewhat of an institution now because of their Food Network exposure but I'm going to have to go against the grain here and say that I did not enjoy my Dor-Stop experience.We came here many months ago after hearing all of the hype. I'd never been to Dormont before and we were eager to check out this place and the neighborhood in general (side bar: Dormont is adorable! If it were a bit more convenient to where we work and like to play I would totally live there). Anyhow so we get there on a Saturday morning and the place is packed. No biggie most good breakfast spots usually have a wait on a weekend morning. I think we waited about 30 mins which wasn't bad. We're seated we order everything is just peachy. Then things started to go sour.It had been about 40 minutes since we were seated and we still hadn't received our food. Other diners who were seated after us had received their food and were finishing up. Our waitress hadn't stopped by our table in a long time. I had started to wonder if maybe our ticket was lost (ordinarily I wouldn't think anything of it but the fact that people seated after us had gotten their food made me think something might have been wrong). Anyway so the next time we see our waitress walk by we flag her down and ask her if she knew when our food would be out. We asked politely. We weren't snarky we weren't mean we didn't roll our eyes or snap our fingers. It was a simple question one that I think many would probably ask. And the waitress replied Are you really hungry or just really impatient? No hint of a smile on her face. No twinkle in her eyes. It was clear that she wasn't joking (not that it would have been funny anyway). Hmm. Are we really hungry or really impatient? Well neither...we just wanted to make sure our ticket hadn't gotten lost. We sat in stunned silence unsure of how we should respond to such a flat-out rude remark. The waitress left and finally brought our food out about 10 minutes later (and then we never saw her again except for when she dropped off the check). By that point our appetites were pretty much gone and we just wanted to leave. So we scarfed down our food and got the heck out of dodge.I dunno. Maybe the waitress was having a bad day. Maybe she gets asked that question a lot (by actual impatient people) and is sick of hearing it. But we were very polite to her and didn't deserve to be treated like that. I don't care how good your food is (and for the record the food was okay but certainly not mind blowing for the all the hype) if you have lousy customer service I can't support you. And it's a shame because I really really wanted to like this place (it looks like such a cute mom and pop place). With so many other great breakfast spots in the Burgh I'd rather go somewhere that cares about giving their customers a good (or at least not a blatantly bad) experience.