Benihana.  It's just rolls off the tongue doesn't it?  No unfortunately not.at.all...anymore.  From hence forth all mentions of Benihana are likely to cause anxiety in my usually calm heart.  I hate complaining like this. I really do. But sometimes you just have to ya know?Tuesday evening I met a group of friends for a birthday dinner.  The reservation for our party of nine was for 7:00pm.  All but one of our party arrived prior to 7:00 but the hostess was curt in explaining that all party members needed to be present before we were seated as our chef would be ready to begin meal preparation as soon as we were seated.  Fortunately the final member of our party arrived shortly and we were seated at 7:05pm.  It was not until 7:40pm that first contact with our server was made. Without any apology for the delay she took our drink orders.  She (name withheld because I don't want to be rude) returned more than 10 minutes later with our drinks but waited another 10-15 minutes after that to take our dinner orders.  As I was waiting I looked over at the table next to us who were also clearly celebrating a child's birthday.  At one point the mother (I'm assuming) smiled at me and said I hope you get out before midnight. We've been here over two hours.  We're taking our cake and getting out of here.Upon taking our orders one of our guests explained that due to a shrimp allergy it was necessary to cook any shrimp ordered by our group in another area (a neighboring grill etc.).  Our server said that she would have to ask the manager who came to our table shortly thereafter.  When the manager arrived at the table my guest explained her allergy and his response was that it might be in her best interest to leave.  I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt that he meant leaving the table not the restaurant but I'm not certain of this. Following this recommendation he mentioned that she could wait in the bar as the rest of us dined table-side.  I asked him why it was not an option to prepare the shrimp at a neighboring table but he expressed concern that other customers may require the use of the other available tables.  I understand his point but the restaurant was near-empty as the hour quickly approached 8:30pm.  Finally he offered to prepare the shrimp portions of our meals in the kitchen.  I'm not sure why this wasn't initially mentioned as an option but I'll leave it at that.  Our chef Tom eventually arrived at our table. He was very pleasant and efficient during the course of our meal preparation.  During his time at the table my Emperor's Salad was delivered as were the majority of my table's sushi orders.  However two of our guests that ordered sushi were not served at this time.  In fact they were not served until a full 10 minutes after the rest of our party finished our meals.  At one point they inquired about the delay to she-whose-name-shall-not-be-mentioned who responded that they were waiting for the rice.  When she delivered their food there was not a single mention of the delay.  Two hours and thirty+ minutes after we arrived at Benihana we left.  From start to finish the entire evening was a terrible experience.  It was ridiculous to the point that there was not even soap or toilet paper available in the restroom.  Were it not for the kindness and professionalism of Tom (and the awesome company of friends) the night would have been a complete waste.  My final thought is this. The food was fine but because I was feeling particularly piggish on this Tuesday evening I enjoyed two California rolls from my stash of Costco sushi at home before departing for the restaurant. The difference between Costco's rolls and Benihana's...a toss up - just sayin.  The good news is this will give my friends something to whine about for YEARS to come...