If I could give less than 1 star I would.  I booked a reservation for 12 almost two weeks in advance of the date we wanted to dine.  I explained it was a going away party for a member of our team and that we wanted a large table.  I was told that would be no problem.  I was then told I had to give a credit card number to hold the table.  I questioned this as I have made numerous reservations and have never had to do this previously.  Chris stated he would not be able to hold without the information so I reluctantly gave it to him.  We arrived as a group a few minutes early for our reservation at 11:30am.  We were immediately greeted and seated as one of only two occupied tables in the entire restaurant.  The problem is that five (5) of us were at one round table and five (5) of us were at another.  We requested a different table or to push the two together.  We were told by our waiter that it was not possible to do this as the tables were not made to fit together and they had a full booking.  We had one waiter and the other table had a different waiter.  Our waiter was awful.  We had to request drink refills two separate times during our 45 minute wait on our food and he never came back to check on us once he served our food. When I eat out at a supposed fine dining establishment and pay $16 and change for a 6 ounce filet I expect it to be superb. It wasn't.  I would have sent the dish back but the waiter never returned.  Since it was a business group we couldn't wait another 45 minutes.  A lady at my table ordered the white bean dish and it was so salty she couldn't finish it.  Another diner at my table got the macaroni and cheese as an entree.  The noodles were under done and a bit chewy.  We requested our separate checks the next time we saw the waiter as we needed to get back to work.  When he brought the checks they had charged us a 20% gratuity.  I asked why and was told because we were in a large party.  I explained to him that I did not feel we should have to pay the gratuity as my reservation was not honored and our service was lacking.  He said it was policy.  I asked for the manager who introduced himself as Eric.  I explained the situation to him.  Having to ask for refills the long wait the waiter not coming back etc.  He stated we are a large party and it is policy.  I told him we were treated as separate parties.  We were not seated together did not share the same waiter and did not get served at the same time.  He refused to budge but said he would ask the owner.  I was then approached by the owner/chef.  It was apparent from the look on his face when he approached me that he was ready for battle. His opening words were You got great service and great food so you should pay for it.  I told him the service was not great the food was not great.  I tried to explain the situation.  He told me I should just pay my bill.  I told him we were treated as two separate parties and not seated at the same table.  He stated Well you walked in the door together.  I told him if the $ was that important to him I would pay it but that I work for a large corporation within 2 blocks of his restaurant and that I would have thought repeat business and keeping a good relationship with his diners would be worth more than that to him.  He said he didn't appreciate me threatening him (???!!??!) and for me to pay my bill and get out.  I gave the waiter my credit card assuming he meant to pay it without the gratuity which I was more than willing to do.  When the bill came back they had charged me the gratuity so I refused to sign it.  Another lady in my party of 5 paid her bill with a 10% tip.  The waiter brought the check back and said it was short.  She said she meant to only tip 10%.  He told her that they had had people ARRESTED FOR REFUSING TO PAY THEIR TIPS BEFORE.  She became frightened and put another $5 bill in the folder and left the restaurant.  Did I mention this lady is in her 60's?  When I refused to sign my check the manager Eric told me that by refusing to sign I was refusing to pay and that they would call the police.  I told him to go ahead but wanted to see the written policy.  He told me it was on the website.   ??? Everyone checks a website before making a reservation?  Then told me it was my lucky day & they wouldn't be calling the cops but would be taking it up with the credit card company.  Good luck.  Hope that $60 is worth the report to the BBB!