After having experienced a business lunch at Capital Grill within the last year I decided to treat my family (wife and two teenage boys) to a dinner at Capital Grill during Restaurant Week in Charlotte.  I thought is would be a very nice meal and someplace I had not taken them before.  Eating in the best restaurants in town and when we travel is not unusual.  The food was very hit-and-miss and so was the service.  Let's start with the food.  We ordered two appetizers for the table that were not part of restaurant week.  The Calamari and the Mozzarella wrapped cheese.  The calamari was excellent and cooked perfectly.  The Mozzarella was good but not the tastiest or smoothest mozzarella I have eaten.  Both were worthy.  For the first course my oldest son had the clam chowder which he enjoyed.  The rest of us ordered the mixed field greens salad which was awful.  I have had a better side salad at Wendy's.  It was totally tasteless and un-inspired.  None of us even finished half the portion.  When the waiters helper asked if we were done we told him to please take them away and how horrible they were.  The three men had the filet for our main course.  It was a very middle of the road filet.  I am not sure if they lowered their quality for restaurant week but it tasted no better than an Outback Steak.  Even my 15 year old recognized the poor quality of meat.  My wife had the Salmon which was better than the filet but nothing exciting.  She only ate half the portion and it was not worth packing up to take home.  The mashed potato side was amazing and the creamed spinach side was average.  The creme brulee and flourless chocolate cake for desert were both amazing.  I would recommend just hitting the bar for these late night after a show.  The service was also only marginal.  A big let down compared to the service received at lunch.  The waiter reached across the table versus walking around and he plated the food close but not just right so you had to re-arrange the positioning of every dish before eating it.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  I would return for a business lunch but don't waste your time or money on dinner or taking someone you want to impress.