Groupon has allowed me to try new restaurants in places I never knew existed.I Have been to uptown many times and never noticed Fox and Hound. That could also be Rock Bottom Brewery sits across the street and makes this place seem so much smaller. My visit was at 2pm and we experienced some difficulty with parking. It also is DNC week and parking is off limits except for a few places along the street. Luckily we found one after circling 4 times. We walked in and it was awkward. One of those moments that you see in movies where a bar is noisy everyone stops and stares then goes about their business. Normally this isn't an issue but when the waitress and bartender does this its....awkward. We found a booth and sat and waited to be greeted. We waited looked around and waited some more. Began looking around saw a bartender and that was it. No waitress no one else walking around. Wasn't sure if we should have sat at the bar to be noticed or like in elementary school raise our hands to have permission to speak. It would have probably made a difference to recieve a smile or simple hello from the person behind the bar then we probably wouldn't have felt forgotten. After 14 minutes we finally met our waitress who asked us if we needed more time to review the menu. Really? We counted 3 parties thats it...in a otherwise bare restaurant. Food was good received it pretty quickly. Our drinks were refilled often without being asked. First impressions really do matter. It wouldn't have mattered from that point if service was perfect. Don't ignore someone intentionally when they obviously know you can see them. From reading other reviews it seems that we aren't the only ones who experienced the same issues. Really felt like we were being intentionally ignored. We did something we  have never done. Intentionally left without leaving a tip. The one person who was polite happened to be the person who was in the next room cleaning. Kinda ironic since she doesn't assist the people actually dining. Will not be back.