I came here with a friend last Feb. and chose to visit it based on the positive reviews and the uniqueness of Peruvian food (I don't know of anywhere else in Pittsburgh that serves it).  Unfortunately what I experienced was mediocre food and some of the worst service I've ever experienced.My dining companion and I were seated promptly.  After 10 min. the waitress came over and asked about drinks.  After another 10 min. she brought our drinks and asked what we wanted to order.  I ordered the special which was listed on the chalkboard (don't recall what it was exactly).  The waitress took our orders and went back to put them in.Fifteen minutes later the waitress returned but not with our food.  Instead she apologetically informed me that the special was not available because they were out of one of the necessary ingredients.  Um why didn't she mention this immediately after she'd put the order in?  I chose a different entree (this time one of the regular ones) and the waitress went back to put that order in.It took at least another 15 min. for the food to come out (we'd been there for 50 min. for those of you keeping track) and when it finally did I was quite underwhelmed.  I don't recall what I ordered but I know it had chicken and I recall the chicken being dry and bland--clearly not what I was hoping for in a Peruvian restaurant!  This shouldn't have surprised me since I noticed the waitress preparing it in the microwave.  Pro tip to restaurateurs: If you need to use a microwave in your food prep it's best to hide it in the back.  Having been to Ecuador where the food is similar to Peruvian fare the food here certainly didn't seem very genuine.Unsurprisingly the check took at least 10 min. to show up once we'd finished.  By this time I was through with this place.  Yeah it has interesting decor but that didn't make up for the abysmal service I received here.  Also none of the people working there seemed to be Peruvian which is never a good sign in an ethnic eatery.  Based on my experience I won't be returning anytime soon.