My husband and I went to Presto on a Tuesday night around 6:30. It was very very bad. Very bad. So very bad that I'm writing my first Yelp review.Summary: Some of the food was decent but everything else is so so very very bad that it's not worth it. I will tell people not to go there and I will never go back.[The BAD.]There was one guy playing hostess/waiter/bartender/bus boy hitherto referred to as HWBBB. We went there specifically to sit on the patio because the weather was awesome but were told we couldn't because the HWBBB was the only one on staff.The temperature in the restaurant was HOT. Stifling. Not normal. 70 outside 85 inside.The menu was schizophrenic. I had no idea what to order. Sushi pitas pizzas steak. Plus a build a 3-course meal option. I felt like I was reading the menu at Cheesecake Factory. They played dance music? Which is just weird in a restaurant setting.They were out of several things. I asked the HWBBB What beers do you have on draft? He said We only have 2. We usually have 4 but we ran out of 2 today. So I'm already disappointed and I don't even know what they have yet. My husband ordered a glass of Malbec and the HWBBB came back and said they didn't have it.My order was wrong. I ordered a side salad in lieu of fries. I received an entrée salad in addition to my meal which still came with fries. I ordered a chicken kebob sandwich and received a beef kebob sandwich. We decided things were so bad at this point that I didn't tell the HWBBB of his error. I sucked it up and ate the stupid beef.The beef was very pink in the middle and was of extremely poor quality. Maybe stew meat. I chewed each piece the point I'd realize it wasn't going to break down any further and then spit out what remained. I'm usually not such a disgusting dining companion but this place brought out the best in me. I kept wishing for a normal chewable digestible piece but ended up eventually spitting out every single piece of beef.We had a groupon and when the HWBBB brought the bill we got lectured on all the items the groupon did not apply towards. Like alcohol (fine) and the $20 3 course meal my husband ordered because that's already a deal but I'll make an exception just this once.We settled the bill before the dessert from my husband's meal came. Our HWBBB was puzzled that we were still sitting there and eventually asked what else he could do for us. We asked if he could bring the dessert we ordered. The apple crisp was like flour and sugar mixed with 3 apple chunks stuck in the microwave on high for 10 minutes topped with ice cream.[The not so bad.]The beef tasted good even if I couldn't chew it.My husband's shawarma was good.The tzatziki sauce was very good.The pita bread was good.The salads were ok.The curly fries that came with our meals were reminiscent of Jack 'n' the box one of many other places I dislike but would rather have eaten at.