I came to Cafe Sam with high hopes.  Ritter's Diner is directly across the street and I eat there all the time.  In my mind a place can only  get better.  As our party of three walks in we are promptly seated by the manager.  Looking over the menu we all decide on what we want and order:French OnionBuffalo Chicken Medallions Fish Tacos with salsa and guacamoleCheeseburger (medium) with apple sauce and potato saladSide of FriesWater and Iced Tea with LemonBread with butter olive oil infused with pumpkin and our drinks soon arrive.  ALERT: The tea is flavored.  I really do dislike flavored teas but I put extra lemon in mine to cover the foul taste and continued on.  The bread was slightly aged as the crust was somewhat hard.  The olive oil was fairly tasteless but fresh.  I would never use a light olive oil for tasting purposes like Cafe Sam did.  While it was an interesting thought to add pumpkin seeds -- this is the current theme -- they didn't add that much to the oil.  At least the butter was soft rather than frozen.As we planned work for the next next day our Buffalo Chicken Medallions arrived.  They need to remove the s from Medallions as there was only piece.  In fact they need to remove medallion and buffalo from the name and call it something else.  It was just a piece of chicken breast dredged in Cajun seasoning with a few stray strands of cheese melted on it.  Don't get me wrong it didn't taste bad; but a better name would have been Cajun Chicken Breast rather than what they call it now.  As I ate the chicken the French Onion Soup arrived.  This crock of soup looked exceptionally good.  The cheese on top was browned to the proper point.  I took the spoon and cut in with a voraciousness as I could taste it already.  When I put the first bite in my mouth though the flavor was flat.  I took another bite and it was the same thing.  This wasn't French Onion soup with layers of flavor but an onion broth that had some cheap melted cheese on top.  It didn't taste bad but anyone could make this soup.I ate half the soup and passed it on to my friend to finish along with the rest of the chicken breast.  I didn't want to eat too much and then not be able to eat the main course.  As my friend finished the soup our entrees arrived.  The cheeseburger was served on a piece of a larger sesame baguette and came well done rather than the requested medium.  I didn't try it due to the fact it was overcooked and had sesame seeds.  I did try the apple sauce and the potato salad though.  The potato salad was just not tasty.  One bite and I didn't want to take another.  The apple sauce on the other hand was quite tasty -- I wouldn't call it apple sauce though.  It was more along the line of fried apples -- some damn tasty fried apples.As I wasn't having any of the cheeseburger I ate all of the fish tacos.  The tacos arrived presented on a sprinkling of iceberg lettuce.  I would think that they should make it a bed of lettuce or just omit it all together.  I am for the latter over the former as I don't eat iceberg lettuce -- no nutrients just water.  While the fish didn't have bad flavor it was a tad overcooked.  When I started to eat the tacos this wasn't a big deal.  As the fish cooled off though they started to get too hard for their own good.  The fish tacos need to be cooked less especially with the fact that they are using white flaky fish which is easily overcooked.  At least the guacamole was fresh and tasted good.All in all this was a lackluster event.  If not for the fried apples guacamole and great service this would have been a one-star.  I don't know that I would ever willingly return since I was in sticker shock when our server brought our check.  The price was not commensurate with the quality of the food.  People complain about the quality of the food at Ritter's diner but the food is actually commensurate to the price that you pay.  When I pay over $20 a person to eat I expect better than diner fare.