Captain's Log Stardate: Circa 2004 - 2006-ish... I lived about an hour and a half outside of the city. Coming here was usually pretty exciting. (Here as in the city not Silky's.) I had a friend who lived here in the East End and on the street I reside on now. Several times we found ourselves at Silky's Pub. I love the corner building the way it looks out onto Liberty Ave. It looks so welcoming. Especially in the summer. Outdoor seating always pretty well packed with people.I'll come right out and say that the crowd that frequents Silky's isn't my usual crowd but unlike some bars I'd never had an issue with someone wanting to start a fight with us because we look like a bunch of dirty malcontents. This place is just not our usual dive bar.Thursday night my boyfriend texted me that he was there with a mutual friend. Living less than a city block from there I headed over. I needed a beer and some hockey/world series action to distract me after the Halloween parade. It was as busy as usual. A few seats remaining and I managed to snag one right at the bar front and center.I hate to say this because I don't remember this happening years ago when I went there. I was not even acknowledged. I get flagging down a bartender in a crazy busy bar in the South Side on a Friday night. I don't like it but I get it. This was a moderately steady Thursday night. I wasn't standing behind the people's sitting at the bar. I was the person sitting at the bar. There were two male bartenders both bartenders asked the guy next to me multiple times if he wanted anything else to drink. By multiple times I mean 6 or 8 times. The person sitting directly beside me. They wouldn't look at me. I tried to make eye contact with either of them and it was as if I wasn't even there. Eventually the boyfriend's beer emptied as well. This is about 20 minutes after I arrived. I've had people walk in and stand behind us and the bar tender or waitress was on them immediately. After another 5 minutes of the boyfriend's beer being perched precariously on the edge of the bar and the bartenders standing there chatting he had to ask the bartender for a refill and if I could have a drink.The bartender looks up at him grabs his pint glass angrily from the bar and says Oh you wanted another? Really? I was so angry at that point that it took everything I had not to ask the guy what his issue was.  I later saw him drop a pint glass and stumble into something so many he was drunk.The food that other people ordered smelled and looked great. Even the seafoody bits which I normally hate smelling. The tv's are plentiful and newer. I just don't know if I'll ever get to go back and try the food as I hate being slighted by a business owner and treated as if my business isn't appreciated.