Eat at Fioris they said.  Youll like it they said.is it conveniently located on West Liberty Boulevard this restaurant features absolutely nowhere to park on the road that is impossible to get to.When I called to place our order a miserable sounding me an answer the phone with the side and then said what do you need? I placed our order and he said don't come down here it's going to be at least an hour to we can get to you if my coworkers can do anything right. That was really unprofessional. Some people may think that character but really I don't care what kind of a day the person taking the pizza order is having I just want to place my order without feeling im bothering themYou should know that you will have to illegally parked your car to pick your order up.  the place was filthy inside and it was packed full of people and total mayhem. I would never ever recommend eating in store even if the place was clean up you're still going to have people waiting to pick three orders of standing right over you. It was also about a hundred degrees in there. They also only take cash with they didn't mention and there was no sign so I was glad I had cash on hand.I knew that something was up with the pizza 13 started leaking through the lid of the pizza as we were driving it home. The bottom and the top rated with grease. How does that even happen? My friend said that's a sign of a great pizza but he is a guy and we have other eating priorities it was disgusting. You're not supposed to take a slice of pizza up out of the pizza box and have all of the toppings slide off due to thebgrease.  the only restaurant that could get away with pizza that greasy is Vincents and they are now gone..you could caulk a bathtub with the cheese that's how rubbery it was. It was disgusting. the red sauce tasted like it was ketchup with sugar added. It was gross I don't understand why anybody likes this restaurant but the poor service and the poor quality of the food is a prime example of a restaurant resting on the laurels of its legacy.