Paul and Chad could not be more right. This place is THE dive bar of Charlotte. Looks and feels as greasy and grimy as it smells. I had no idea they served food until these reviews mentioned it. I do not even know if they have a bathroom. I frequent a lot of the uptown bars for a few drinks before it's time to go home every weekday. I went to Phil's a total of 3 times. The first time I went I got 2 beers drank them attempted to pay but was told they can't run my card without at least $10 ran so after ordering a shot to bring my bill up to par I paid and left. I assume this is why a bottled 12oz is $4 and Miller Lite is always on 'special'. No one said anything other than hi whatcha drinkin? another one? and that's all for ya?. The second time it was trivia night. It seemed fun so I took a few pics of the place the bartender people playing trivia and the specials board. I paid for my beers with cash and left. I went back a few days later and was quickly greeted by the brontosaurus behind the bar. I heard you were taking pictures of us the last time you were here. You are not welcome here and need to leave. Now I've been kicked out of bars before but it's because I did something wrong (got in a fight threw up somewhere etc) so this was a first. There were 2 people at the bar who quickly looked up and started looking me up and down. Thinking there was no good way to explain myself monosyllabically enough for her to understand I said yes ma'am and took my leave laughing at the situation. Everything would have been fine except as I was leaving I overheard her mumble pervert. In hindsight I can see where I may have used poor judgement or should have asked if it was ok first. And for that I am sorry. But she did not even attempt to speak to me before publicly jumping to conclusions she heard insinuating I was taking lewd pictures for my own personal pleasure. The bartenders are nothing except a lifeless ordinary working to earn cash and doing a bad job at trying. There are other establishments near here that offer more for less with decent conversation and pleasant aromas. For as slow as this place always seemed to be I can't imagine why the staff are quick to judge. But perhaps that's the normal clientele that frequents this establishment and I can see why. I obviously will never be back. If you do not want to be looked at and judged when you walk in and then talked about disparagingly when you leave stay as far away from here as possible. There are MUCH better places that will give you fantastic service and a conversation for a fraction of your overall cost.