My fiance and I went to Roland's for a date night.  We were both craving seafood and had never been here before.  When we arrived we asked our waitress if there was a happy hour going on.  There was a happy hour and she gave us the menu for it and said she'd be back in a minute to take our order.  The happy hour ended 2 minutes after she gave us the menus and she came back over 10 minutes later to take our drink order.  Needless to say we were unable to take advantage of any specials.  We both ordered margaritas for our drinks.  They took a further 15 minutes to come out.  Not only were the drinks weak (and this is coming from a bartender) but one margarita was a substantially different color than the other (despite being the same type).  Additionally we were charged over $7 apiece for those margaritas that were made with well liquor.  If I'm spending $7 on a margarita it had either better be tasty or strong (or both).  Anyway we sip our disappointing drinks and decide to order an appetizer.  We got the Raspberry-maple scallops.  There were cooked well but served in a watery sauce that removed almost all of the raspberry-maple flavor..  Then we ordered dinner.  We both ordered their broiled seafood medley which comes with a salad.  I had the caesar salad although I used the word salad in the loosest sense possible.  There was lettuce there but only after I uncovered it from a cup of croutons and a cup of parmesan cheese (not the fresh kind).  I spent about 5 minutes just trying to reach the lettuce in my salad under all that other stuff and even when I finished I still had more cheese than lettuce.  While we were eating our salads our entrees were brought out and we had the luxury of watching them grow cold while we finished our salads.  I'm sorry but when I'm spending $30 on a entree I would like it served hot and after my salad.  Additionally we were not provided a change of silverware at any point during our meal and I kept having to clean my fork and knife on a spare napkin.  During our meal I ordered a second drink (beer this time since liquor is apparently too difficult for them) and had to wait another 10 or so minutes before it was brought out.  I had also run out of water and had to wait 15 minutes before it was even noticed let alone waiting for a refill.  While there were aspects of this evening that were frustrating I must say that all of my seafood was cooked perfectly (I just wish I had been able to enjoy my entree while it was hot).  When we had eaten our fill and asked for the to-go boxes the waitress asked to bring our check.  We still wanted another round of drinks and possibly dessert but she never asked for either.  Despite the feeling that we were being rushed and she wanted to hurry us along I decided to order another drink.  In my opinion it is good manners to make customers feel welcome relaxed and not rushed.  We did not feel any of these things.  This was supposed to be our date night and there were just so many little annoyances along the way.  Once again the food was really well cooked and if I could have left my tip for the kitchen staff instead of the waitress I would have.  They certainly earned it and she didn't really seem to care.  Also while our wait times could be expected during a lunch/dinner rush there were maybe 7 people in the whole restaurant.  It's not like they were busy.  Our waitress was just too preoccupied with chatting with the other servers (in clear view of our table).In short I do not believe we will be dining here again.  We can get the same quality of food for cheaper and with much better service.