I've ordered their pad thai for take out a couple of times from this place but last night was the first night that my husband and I decided to go dine in at this place. It was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!! The service here is HORRIBLE!! We went there around 9pm and was the only couple there besides another group at the place. The other group left shortly after we came but we never got service after we received our food. We never got asked if we needed anything else and received no water refill. They had 6 staff walking around working and doing their own thing and NOT ONE of them ever even stop to come check on us especially our waitress. When we finally got up to leave she was talking out loud from the far back asking us if everything was okay. I wanted to throw a fit and say.. no everything is not okay we got no service! Aside from the poor customer service; we ordered my favorite dish which was the pad thai. I asked for no onions and bean sprouts but we still got it with LOTS of big onions and bean sprouts. My husband told me to say something about it; but I figure I would deal w/ it because I'm always iffy about what people do with my food after they take it back and have to fix it for me. It already took about 15 minutes or so for them to bring out the dish and I didn't want to have to wait another 15 minutes. We also ordered sticky rice..and I LOVE sticky rice. It took them longer to bring us the sticky rice than the other three dishes that we ordered. The sticky rice was not moist and sticky at all. It was dried and crusty like its been sitting out for too long. I guess they were trying to microwave or steam it before they brought it out but didn't do a very good job.We also ordered the green curry dish; that dish cost $13.95 and came in such a small size plate that should have been worth $7 at the most! Big disappointment on that dish. So base on my experience last night; I have concluded that I will NEVER go here again nor will I even bother to order take out from this place. Bangkok Ocha down the street is so much better!