Located in Uptown and easy to access this place should have had no problem earning 5 stars from me.  I'm usually pretty generous when it comes to review because I know how hard the service industry is.  However LaVecchia's needs to take notes because they have a lot lacking.We arrived at 7:25 for our 7:30 reservation.  Not all of our party was there so we were told we could wait in the building lobby and they would get our table ready soon.  At 7:45 we were still waiting everyone was there and I had watched them seat several other tables who said they had no reservations.  So I asked about our table and the hostess rolled her eyes and sighed and said they were still working on it.  When I mentioned that our reservation had been for earlier she said well everyone else had reservations too Ma'am! and just walked off.  I promptly labeled her the anit-hostess and another member of our party (of 5) went to find the front house manager.The manager seated us but acted like he did us this huge favor.  We were seated in the bar next to the patio door so we had the bracing blasts of cold air throughout our meal as staff went in and out this door all night long.Our waiter was in no hurry to take care of us.  Once we ordered our drinks he never came back with any more water and one member of our party had to flag him down each time he wanted another beer.  Our food finally came and at last redemption!!  Every single bite was perfection!  I had the filet my husband had lobster and two others had the snapper.  Everyone oohed and ahhed over our meals.  Price point wise I feel we got what we paid for strictly in terms of food and food quality.  The presentation was lovely temp was good... I really could not find anything to negate the food.Service is a different story.  It was painfully obvious that the wait-staff was stressed by the front manager.  He really seemed to have an attitude about even being there.  The hostess was rude and off-putting from the moment we arrived and when we were seated commented that they worked it out for us like she had to prove something. I still don't know exactly what her deal was.Bottom line:  If you want me to pay $200 for a meal you need to act like you're glad I showed up.  Drop the bad attitude and step it up.  There are load of other upscale establishments in Charlotte that get it done.  We'll be going to a different one next time.