Please don't go here. I'm begging you. I wouldn't wish this place on my own worst enemy. I wouldn't wish this on the girl who cheated on my best friend. This place was a literal nightmare. .I think I've been to Jimmy Wan's 4 times this month so I was sick of it. Plus I'd heard good things about TaiPei so I thought I'd give it a whirl.The service was abysmal - my waiter took 10 minutes to recognize I'd sat down. He was very kind but only dropped my food off. No how's it going no water refills no offer of dessert or other courses. A kind busboy kept refilling my drink. The portions are extremely small - I've never seen such tiny sushi rolls in my life. The menu says there's a charge for fried rice instead of white. Huh. Jimmy Wan's offers white and brown no extra charge. Interesting.The atmosphere was atrocious.  A family in the table to my left and in front let their child (6 or 7 mind you) take off his shoes and walk around. He then ground his heel into the carpet - with a piece of chicken in between. He swiped a cloth napkin from an empty table and rubbed it all over his feet. I audibly gasped but his obese mother couldn't hear me or ignored me. Then she threatened to take each of their Kindles away if they didn't shut up. The boy was eating with salad tongs instead of a fork all night long.The waitstaff saw what was happening and didn't care at all. My waiter didn't show up after I was finished with my meal and when he did (after I'd requested someone else get him) he failed to clear my dirty plates. I finally told the owner how terrible the whole thing was - namely the ambiance and the service and she asked if I wanted anything to go and apologized for being busy. You...think I want something to go? How were 15 people in the 50 seat restaurant and one small takeout order. How....is that busy?Other reviews have mentioned that the ownership has changed hands. If you care about your health don't go to a restaurant where the waitstaff doesn't care if children grind chicken into the carpet. If they find that behavior outside of the kitchen normal can you imagine what they do inside the kitchen? I have no doubt little handwashing goes on and much wiping of noses while cooking.Jews don't go here on Christmas even if though they loudly advertise they're open. If 15 people means they're busy can you imagine what it'll be like on Christmas?The slowness of the whole establishment is astounding. I dropped my little brother off at Jimmy Wan's immediately before going to TaiPei - a 15 second drive between establishments. Wan's parking lot was jam packed and he ate with 9 other friends. He called me to pick him up as I was paying the bill. How the hell did TaiPei take as long as Jimmy Wan's did to seat and serve and bill 10 people as they did me the 15th person in their restaurant?Only go here if you have a death wish or are a practicing masochist.