I'm not sure if I missed something because this was definitely not a 5 Star dinner! My sister and i had wanted to try somewhere we hadn't been and this has been on both of our lists to try. We made a reservation (no need) for 7pm on Saturday. We get there and we are the ONLY people in the place!!! On a Saturday!! I was completely shocked and felt horrible for our server and busser since they had to actually be there! I will say the decor was nice Red Red and more Red! Comfy chairs and a nice ambiance....would've been better if there were others in the place!! Ok so out came the corn bread which was One of my 3 favorite things that night Delicious!! Second best my Margarita(s) that our server made was Awesome!! Third the Sorbet Palate Cleanser it was Strawberry Cantaloupe Delish! The problem is none of this makes a meal :( They sent out an Amuse Bouche which was Seared Tuna with a Vidalia Onion something....FISHY so over cooked tasted worse than Tuna Fish it was just bad! We split the Duck and Corn Fritters Flavorless and barely any duck in them. I had the Watermelon Salad it was supposed to be served with a Frisee salad not a Spinach salad along with some Duck Prosciutto that was also missing from the plate. My sister enjoyed her salad... For my Entree I ordered the T-bone Lamb...Over cooked not Rare-Medium Rare so I sent it back. I don't get lamb enough so when I find it on a menu I order it! So now I'm just sad because its not how I had wanted it but more so because when they did give it back it was cooked good but the Roasted Cauliflower Puree it was sitting on was like glue! Gross! The Lamb was so hard to cut that I had to stop cutting and breathe because it was like a workout! In Retrospect I should've just picked it up and eat it off the bone like my sister told me to do but i was being a lady! Our server was very nice and by no means was this disastrous evening in any shape or form her fault! She even had taken our Dessert off because of the lamb having to be sent back. We had the Peaches and something...not bad but not great All in all this meal was just sad! From the minute we sat down and realizing we chose the wrong place to go but now we can cross it off our lists and call it a day! * I should say that by the time we were into our meal they did get 7 other customers so at least that was a little better...