Came here with the boyfriend and his parents who had a gift certificate for dinner on a Saturday night. There was a high school jazz band raising money for a cancer patient which included a silent auction. We spoke with the student who had organized the event (a cancer survivor) and were immediately touched by his words and the effort he put into a wonderful event. It makes me extremely happy knowing Blue welcomed the group to put this on. The ambience is upscale sophisticated and cosmopolitan. Dress is formal. It was a very busy night given the jazz fundraiser but luckily we were seated further away from the band.We ordered a bottle of wine from the menu the waiter admitted he didn't know anything about it and sounded confused when we ordered it. A few minutes later we were told that they didn't have it in stock (so why was it on the menu?). He came back out with a different wine that he was offering for a discount and we obliged.To be honest with you nothing really jumped off the menu to me. Usually I find myself toying between a few options but there was nothing that really excited me. I settled for the beef tenderloin and fried calamari appetizer.The bread (and butter!) was delicious! There were two kinds and I can't remember was in either but they were tremendous. The calamari was so so. The sauce tasted like a ranch aioli out of the jar and was not the lemon-harissa sauce as advertised on the website. Portion was also very small for the price.The entrees came out and both myself and another that ordered the beef tenderloin had to send it back. I ordered medium-rare and it was purple barely cooked in the middle. The best part of the meal was the creamy gorgonzola dolce on top of the cut. The pea risotto that it was served on was unexciting.On top of this all one of the raffle items was a bundle of wine valued for about the same as the one bottle that we were presented in place of our original request. A very unprofessional oversight for such a sophisticated place.I left wishing that I had ordered the grouper special which received rave reviews from others at the table and I would not come back here without a gift certificate...what a coincidence we left that night with a winning auction for gift certificate to Blue. I guess I'll be returning after all. Simply put it is overpriced and not worth your money.