I am a new resident to the City of Charlotte. In search of some where to have dinner in the uptown area to celebrate my friends Birthday we came across this quant  place. bypassing 5star gourmet restaurants we opted to have  a quite dinner with some soul food. The restaurant was interestingly decorated  and the menu was appetizing.  The service on the other hand was not.  I had never tried shrimp and grits before  so I being a special occasion I decided to try something new. when the dish came to the table the presentation was nice however the taste was not satisfactory. it was overloaded with onion and It was not enjoyable to me. So I then asked the waitress if something could be done because I didn't like  the dish. She told me I have to get the manager because I can't change once the food is on the table.  I told her that was fine. The manager never came to offer any apologies nor explain what the solution could be. the waitress comes back after like 15mn and says She says pick something of the menu and we'll trade it out. I then chose the chicken dinner. The waitress nor the food did not come back for almost another 20mn. she then comes to the table not to refill drinks or to apologize for the wait. but to offer to bag up the meal and bring the check. at this point I was embarrassed for bringing my friend to this place and irritated because I was hungry and very annoyed with the service I told her yes please bring the check. she brings a check not only with the meal I changed for but also the initial meal that I did not eat. I was confused asked to speak tho the manager by another waitress. that waitress says sure she's the lady over there in the red shirt.  and walks the other way.  So I then call the manager over to clarify that this was a mistake. she says If the owner was here he would not be playing with y'all. He would make you pay for both. I on the other hand will take it off. I was floored at the way she spoke to me and the fact that the owner would make a patron pay for something they didn't like. I felt stereo typed and embarrassed that it was my people to treat us this way. So needless to say we will not be returning back to this establishment ever! I hope this is not hospitality in Charlotte.