If you grew up in a part of the country with lots of Vietnamese food or have eaten it in such places you're not going to be impressed by Tram's.I gave this place two tries and was disappointed both times. I will admit that I only tried the pho and a vermicelli bowl (on separate trips) but having ordered anything else on each of my trips would have put my bill in the neighborhood of $12+. Having grown up with cheap Vietnamese food in Texas I wasn't prepared to spend that much for what's supposed to be a budget lunch even with the understanding that I was going to leave hungry and that the lack of non-European ethnic diversity in Pittsburgh is going to automatically make things more expensive.Either way I don't understand the hype surrounding this place. The pho bowl was small with a tasteless broth and child-sized portions of noodles and meat. After a few bites I drenched the whole thing in Sriracha just to give it some flavor and to try to trick my stomach into feeling a bit more like I had eaten something.The vermicelli was not so great either--a small portion of vegetables and noodles with a few too-thick chunks of pork that were not grilled long enough for any sort of darkness or crisp (but which still managed to be dry). The color of the dish was as bland as the taste.As for the atmosphere not a big deal for me. The restaurant is small with minimal seating and some dinginess to it but that's fairly common for older Vietnamese restaurants. Most diners are young hip and not Asian (which could be a turn-off for some due to the perceived lack of authenticity and/or hipsteriness). Parking is a chore; if you live nearby and choose to give the place a try walk or ride your bike or prepare to find yourself circling nearby blocks of permit-only parking.Folks who dine at Tram's should keep in mind that cheaper better more authentic Vietnamese food exists out there. I grew up in North Texas (Dallas-Fort Worth area) where with one of the largest Vietnamese populations in the country good cheap Vietnamese food can be found all over the metro area. Pho portions down there are reasonably big there are plenty of different meat combinations and you can almost always choose the size of the bowl you want (usually kid's small large and extra-large). Additionally due to the presence of plenty of fresh ingredient suppliers and competition prices are more in line with portion size and the food is more often than not good. Most folks with normal appetites are able to leave satisfied having spent no more than $7 or $8 a person with tax and tip (compared to $20 at Tram's). Out of all the Vietnamese spots in North Texas that I've tried my absolute favorite is Pho Pasteur in Arlington: The pho vermicelli bowls crushed rice dishes spring and egg rolls and prices are all excellent. Tram's would be put out of business if anyone ever opened a restaurant like that up here.If none of the other few choices in Pittsburgh are satisfying your Vietnamese food cravings it might be worth it to take a weekend trip up to Toronto. You would also have access there to some other Asian foods that we don't have here such as dim sum and Taiwanese small eats. For a slightly shorter drive you can also find these things (though more sparsely) in the D.C. suburbs.