Growing up in Mt. Lebanon I went to il Pizzaiolo years ago but haven't been back in recent memory. I don't remember much about it before and after my experience there last night I will remember not to go there again.We were celebrating my friend's birthday. We got there about 7:45 with a party of 5 and there were a few tables open. The only table that was large enough to accommodate us a table for 8 was available in the back. The brunette hostess starts to take us back there but then the blond hostess says we have a large party coming in and they're going to be eating and drinking for a while. She points to a small table for 4 and says You'll sit there. Confused because the restaurant allegedly doesn't take reservations we offered to wait until one of the 6-person tables opens up. The blond hostess refused. Paragraph in which I rant about the blond hostess: This girl can't be older than 17. The whole time she interacted with us she was rude dismissive and acted like it was a bother for her to be doing her job. She gave us so much attitude like she was doing us a favor by seating us at all. No wonder people always comment on how bad the service is at this place - if your first impression is with a condescending high schooler who needs an attitude adjustment it would take a lot to negate that first impression. Also someone needs to tell this girl that tights are not pants. If I wanted to see someone's a$$ while I ate I'd go to a strip club. /end rantWe were seated at the tiny 4-person table two people on one side of the table (who wants to eat with a corner of the table sticking into their chest as the hostess arranged the seats?). The 8-person table sat vacant for the first hour we were in the restaurant and we were almost done with our meal when the allegedly expected party came. Funny how they don't take reservations yet they would not sit us at the only table available that would accommodate our party.Our server Ryan was great and attentive. I think he realized how pissed off we were at the hostess and put in some extra effort.As for the food and drink it was just fine. Severely overpriced but fine. Piccolo Forno is much cheaper (and is BYOB) and has much better food. There are so many options in downtown Mt. Lebanon that there's no reason to put up with bad service attitude and mediocre overpriced food. I won't be coming here again.