The food was good and I would probably be back if it was half the price(literally).  Although I would ask in advance if they actually have any of the sides they offer.I wanted to take my lovely lady friend out for a nice meal and I didn't quite want to spend Capital Grill money.  So off to Aquavina we went.Your choices of parking are either on the street or in the parking deck and they do validate.  After a nice little walk through the park you see their sign and you have to walk upstairs.  Once inside the decor is nice but not overwhelming by any means.  The chunks of clay on the wall are interesting I guess.  We sat at the bar to have a drink and wait for our booth.Upon being seated and seeing the menu I realized we were going to be spending capital grille money but we were already there and I didn't want to look cheap.  We ordered spinach salads and the blue crab cheese fondue a long with a couple glasses of the malbec.  I liked the salad but it was nothing special.  Lots of dressed spinach a little dollop of cheese and a onion ring style shallot.  The consistency of the blue crab fondue was a little too runny.  The flavor was full of seafood notes which I liked but the thin cheese on stale tasting toast points didn't do it for me.  The little copper pot it came in was cool though.  I took the left overs home and mixed it with a Gorgonzola and put it over broccoli YUMMY!For our entrees the seafood didn't look like anything special and I'm pretty awesome at cooking salmon so we both went for steaks.  My counter part ordered the filet medium rare.  After some time It came out medium to medium well and was only an inch thick.  At $36 I was not impressed.  Her mushroom risotto lacked creaminess and only had a few little button mushrooms in it(could have been cremini).I ordered the RIbeye it was large but at almost $40 I was expecting an at least above average steak for that kind of money.  Shortly after I ordered my ribeye the waitress came back to tell me that they didn't have potatoes gratin and I needed to order something else.  After the blue crab cheese dip I was overloaded on cheese anyhow so I didn't mind getting asparagus.  A few minutes later she came back to tell me they were out of asparagus as well.  At this point I had decided against carbs in general but I had no choice so I ordered the baked potato.  One more time she came out and honestly I was getting pissed off.  They had no baked potatoes.  So I just asked her what do you have.  Mashed potatoes was my only choice.  For $40 they can't find I potato?When I finally got my meal I noticed my mixed veggies almost looked like something out of those microwave steamer bags.  Little bit of peas a couple spears of broccoli and such.  The couple of mushroom bits I had did have some flavor.  My ribeye lacked any of this chimicurri that it was supposed to have which was the main reason I ordered the malbec.  The waitress told me it was on there I just couldn't see it.  I used to live with an Argentinian you can see chimichurii it almost looks like an oil heavy pesto.  I did get a side of it and it did accentuate the flavor of the steak.  The steak was served on top of the overly buttered mash potatoes.  I ate them but nothing special.After $150 for 2 people I was not impressed.  Honestly I don't see how they stay in business I guess the bankers don't mind dropping that kind of loot on average food.  I may come back for lunch for the sandwiches or to try some of the seafood but only if I'm already downtown and there aren't other options.