We decided on Blue Restaurant for Charlotte Restaurant week as I had heard from several friends and colleagues how excellent the food was.  I have to say the best part was the complimentary valet parking!  We arrived on a Saturday night at 7pm thinking the restaurant would be packed only to find it about a quarter full.  Did we go to the right place?  From what I had heard I expected there to be a line out the door like there was both times we went to Chima for past Restaurant Weeks.  It's a nice looking place very open yet cozy and it has a great bar area.  The server John was great and took good care of us so no complaints there.  It was the food that was lackluster and for the money I wish we had gone elsewhere.  The bread was fresh and a good start (2 kinds and a spread with olives as well as an oil and balsamic vinaigrette to wet it down). The Fattouch salads were good though I question the use of iceberg lettuce for presentation as it looked like a low end salad with some red peppers olives and a nasty tomato thrown in.  My partner had a Flat Iron Steak which he ordered medium well and got medium rare.  The first few bites were good but it toughened as it cooled and he had some difficulty cutting it as well as the asian broccoli (which he gave up on).  Being a vegan I wasn't sure I would find anything to eat but i did see a Mushroom Bolognese pasta dish that I ended up ordering.  It had a great taste but the homemade pasta was a bit al dente and stuck together.  More like the wide rice noodles in some asian dishes.  Still I enjoyed mine.  No vegan desert option for me (fresh fruit option please?) but my partner ordered the chocolate cake and said it was good but very rich.  It all seemed to disappear though so that says something!  Overall a decent dining experience if we were spending maybe $40-50 max tip included.  $30 each plus 2 iced teas ($6.98) and tip came to just under $90.  At least I felt like I got my one's worth with the valet at $5 for a tip it saved me $1 off parking myself and then walking a block!  Still I'm not sure we will be back anytime soon.  With all the great dining our city has I think there are better choices for the money...Ilios Noche comes to mind for great atmosphere service and menu selection at about $20-25 less and then we could still catch a movie!