We came to eat to celebrate our anniversary (this as one of our first dates 14 years ago).  I called over a month ago to make the reservation and explained the purpose of our visit and asked if they could do anything for us when we came.  We arrived that night and were seated quickly.  Very crowded very loud.  I didn't remember that from the last visit several years ago until we sat down and it came back to me very quickly.The Waiter seemed distracted but we managed to get our order.  The fried crawfish were great as a starter.  We then decided to get a few more appetizers and one entree to split.  When the gumbo came we both decided it tasted like spicy water.  There was no flavor at all.  Even the shrimp had no taste.  It almost tasted like it was diluted to make it last the night or had just been sitting in the pot way too long.  I mentioned it to the waiter and he commented that he has never had it and that the main items are made in such large quantities he didn't expect it would be very good.  What?!  Why would the waiter say that instead of I'm sorry sir can we get you something else?The rest of the meal was okay.  The Diane had more chicken than anything else (about 2 shrimp and 2 crawfish to go with three chicken breasts).  It lacked any flavor either and was kind of mushy.  The oysters were good and the crawfish scampi was good but a bit on the greasy side.The waiter never asked if we enjoyed our meal and never even said thank you for visiting.  He dropped off the ticket picked it up and brought it back without saying word.  Customer service is just as important as the food so that rates 0 stars.  He looked like we were in his way since we were only a 2 topper and he was losing money with us when he had other larger tables in his section.  The manager even walked by us several times and didn't even ask about our meal or acknowledge us.Overall we were very disappointed at the experience.  It seems like they are running on their reputation and haven't done much to maintain or improve over the years.  We have eaten here since I arrived in Charlotte in 1996 and have had events there etc.  This visit will change my mind of a repeat visit.Oh by the way no one even mentioned our anniversary when I specifically asked when I made that reservation a month ago.  That is a big no-no.