*For the barWhile looking for places to have Easter brunch I saw the Sunnyledge appear several times in my searching. They no longer do easter brunch but they do have their martini bar - which many people seem to rave about. I should have stopped to think twice upon seeing that all 5 reviews here on yelp are at least 2 years old but I threw caution to the wind and arrived early on a Friday evening.Just getting off work I came alone. The location is a historical landmark a mansion built in 1889 and is the reason they deserve their single star. The mansion from the lobby in the bar appears beautifully kept. The walls are dark and decorated with wood and stained glass. The furniture is elegant but not stuffy and the bar was obviously once a den or a library that was converted. The bar is rather small housing four 2-seat tables a 4-top and about 8 spaces at the bar. Behind the bar light shines through a small collection of liquor bottles. The top of the bar and tables are inlaid with tile patterns and candles are spread throughout.I browsed the martini menu not finding much that would suit my palate as it all sounded sweeter or too far from a martini(tequila cointreau and orange juice is closer to a margarita than a martini - and that Jose Cuervo on your top shelf doesn't send a good impression of your margarita). I stuck with the classic then and ordered a basic dry gin martini without garnish. It was made quickly and without love shaking instead of stirring and putting it in an un-chilled glass. Not that there was much to love while the bottles on the shelf could be called mid-range the bottles used for my drink and for others were right out of the bottom of the barrel. Banker's Club is the gin of choice here and Burnett's flavored vodka is the base of most of the drinks on their menu. The martini came(Not filled to the top seems they measure precisely to include garnish) strong with little vermouth but given the alcohol devoid of any flavor but ethanol and a hint of citrus.I found as I drank that food is no longer available at all in the hotel as they no longer served as a restaurant even though signage was still in place throughout the building. I quietly finished my drink and closed my tab. How much did my room temperature Banker's Club cost? A cool $9.It appears that somewhere between the last two years and now this hotel must have come upon hard times or new management. If you are staying at the hotel and need a drink hop a cab to Walnut street. At least your hassle will be eased by a much better drink.