Dinner& Movie: After the downpour the thunder clapped the lightening flashed the skies parted and date night! arrived.  My date and I were told there was a 30-40 minute wait and after almost leaving we made our way through the restaurant to wait in the wine bar.  Hmm a bit misleading.  It was quite humid and crowded.  I am patient and was in great company but...there were some negative moments.  On our way up the wine bar stairs  I held the door as a hostess directed a party down the teeny stairs to their table only to be squished by patrons coming up who thought I was there for their convenience and more than happy to hold the door as they pushed past.  Also some of  the patrons at the bar seemed displeased that new faces were coming in and did not seem to want to budge to make any room for ordering beverages.  Anyway I do not drink so I had literally stand still (think sardines) until some people were seated elsewhere.  I was then able to find comfy chairs to sit in.  There were some appetizers sweating and/or floating in olive oil on the windowsill which I found a little gross.  A not-so-polite employee cleaned up the space and extra drink glasses around me.  Giving me a dissatified thanks a lot look that made me want to justify myself as not being the slob that left the glasses and plates!  But my date returned and relaxed with a glass of wine as we chatted.  We were seated surprisingly promptly.  We were lead to a small two top near the door.  While not ideal it was do-able.  I had a salad and the pizza with te arugula while my date hads the fpur cheese.  I loved my pizza and besides one of the cheeses my date also enjoyed his pie.  The pizza crust was slightly sweet and baked just right. (Like I said I really enjoyed mine and the food is why I gave 3 not 2 stars.)  Thankfully my date was able to help me finish my pizza and there was some to take home.  Our waiter was nice and somewhat attentive.  I did have to hunt him down for red pepper flakes a refill on water and our small table became quite crowed and yet he did not remove the bread basket/plates.  I grew up in Mt. Lebanon and know that sometimes the neighborhood can be a bit snooty-pooty but I would go back.  But not on a Friday night and honestly it would not be in my first choice out of the other nearby restaurants.