I AM BOYCOTTING ALEXANDER'S FOR LIFE!!! The manager SCREAMED AT ME at the top of his lungs in an epic meltdown that lasted 10 minutes! On Sat. April 12 2014 I attended the 50th birthday party for my dear friend David Flynn. I organized the party but relied on Dave and his sister to provide me with the final head count. I made the reservation for 25 people.The manager and I played phone tag for the two days before the event. I called back and left messages TWICE to confirm but apparently he never got my messages. (This was part of his rant his indignation at unreturned phone calls that actually HAD been returned!)The dinner started at 7 PM. Most of our group arrived on time but some of our group (including me) arrived between 8 PM-9 PM. I was working on a homemade birthday present for Dave which took longer than expected. I called Dave his sister and my friends (Reesa & Joel) to tell them I was running late. In hindsight I should have also called the restaurant to let them know and for that I am truly sorry. That still doesn't justify the manager SCREAMING AT ME FOR 10 MINUTES!After enjoying a delicious dinner drinks and birthday cake none of us had a clue that anything was wrong. If the decision to return to a restaurant were based SOLELY on the food and wait staff I would definitely return to Alexander's. But sadly when the manager has a nuclear meltdown and throws a 10-MINUTE SCREAMING TEMPER TANTRUM it tends to sour one on returning to a restaurant.Towards the end of our dinner some of us started to smell cigarette smoke which we later realized was coming from the patio out front. (It was a warm night and they had the front sliding-glass doors open.) In the midst of the smoke discussion the manager approached our table and began an EPIC RANT SCREAMING AT ME FOR 10 MINUTES!!!He was angry that everyone in our group hadn't arrived at exactly 7 PM. The restaurant's kitchen is open till 10 PM on Sat. night so I don't understand why this was a big deal. We ended up with 20 people total and 5 no-shows. I am always disappointed by no-shows but I explained this possibility to the manager when I made the reservation. I STILL BROUGHT HIM 20 PAYING CUSTOMERS! BTW...the dining room was practically EMPTY which is not what I would expect on a Saturday night in Pittsburgh. Maybe I'm not the first customer to be on the receiving end of the manager's meltdown.The manager SCREAMED that he had called me twice and I hadn't called him back! He ranted about this about a dozen times. I told him I HAD called him back - TWICE. It's not my fault if he didn't get my messages. He SCREAMED that he had put an extra waitress and cook on staff because he expected 25 people. He SCREAMED that I had cost the restaurant $100! How much money do you think 20 people spent on appetizers dinner and drinks? I find it hard to believe that they didn't make any money or at least break even. I am sorry that there were 5 no-shows in our group but I always thought Saturday night was the busiest night of the week for most restaurants. I didn't realize the restaurant would look like a deserted old western ghost town with hardly any customers. On a Saturday night I assumed they would have a full staff on duty with or without my reservation. I was wrong. I'm sorry. I'm not perfect.The manager also YELLED at me and my friends for LOOKING COMFORTABLE in his restaurant!!! Since when is looking comfortable an OFFENSE??? I thought restaurants wanted you to feel comfortable but apparently not at Alexander's.He also SCREAMED that one of the waitresses only got a $1.00 tip! I found that hard to believe but just in case he wasn't making it up I tipped my waitress $35 on my $26 dinner check! I am a former waitress and I would feel HORRIBLE if any waitress every got ripped off on my watch! Even if his story wasn't true I figured she deserved an extra big tip just for having to WORK in such a horrible place where the manager YELLS at paying customers!!! If he treats the customers this way I can only imagine how he treats the employees. THE MANAGER'S RUDE BEHAVIOR HAS COST HIM MY BUSINESS AND MY FRIENDS' BUSINESS FOREVER!!! During his rant he actually SCREAMED that he never wanted to see me in his restaurant ever again! I'm happy to grant him that wish. And so are my friends. This is an example of the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever witnessed in my entire life!!! I thought the manager was going to have a heart attack or a stroke the way he was SCREAMING FOR 10 MINUTES!SCREAMING at paying customers is completely unacceptable behavior and I will NEVER eat at Alexander's ever again. It's really a shame because I loved their salmon with pesto sauce. But great food can't make up for a manager who throws a TEMPER TANTRUM and SCREAMS AT YOU. Also you can smell smoke in the dining room which sucks. My friends and I are BOYCOTTING ALEXANDER'S FOR LIFE!!!