Ill start my review by stating that ive been working in the food industry for 7 years now all fine dining.  I know what works and what doesnt and what i should expect when eatting at places. With that being said.My wife and dined here and i was very disappionted with the over all experiance.  I think the thing that bothered me the most was the wine manager after saying that we would be hving a 6 course dinner and would not be pairing it with the wine but would be ordering individual glasses of wine and cocktails he just lost all interest in providing an enjoyable experiance. After ordering our first drinks and finishing it a manhattan for myself and champagne for her i was asked if we would like another drink; which i agreed to. instead of bringing out the wine menu again i was made to just state what type of wine i would like the sommelier brought a glass of cab and just dropped it at the table- no mention of year make and region just a heres a glass of wine i didnt know if it was a 5 dollar a bottle wine or a 35 dollar a glass wine nothing. And on top of it all it was corked. Luckally they removed it and took it off the bill they brought out another and the som just dropped it off again i had to stop him before he walked away and ask what he just gave us he repllied a cabernet. I litterally had to prompt him with  where does it come from when was it made who makes it.If i could grade just the som i would give him a zero the man has given up on even trying to provide for his clients.Getting into the food it was ok not worth what we paid for the amuse was enjoyable as well as the duck which was cooked perfectly but the other 4 courss were average. The smoked sweet potato puree coupled with the beef and sauce was just way too sweet totally killed the meat.I think what put the nail in the coffin while eatting here was the check at the end.  They automatically add 20% gratutity to the bill it doesnt matter what type of service you get. With the staff already nowing they are getting theirs is it any wonder they could care less.Four star 4 diamond yea right.