I hate to do this...I just hate to...but I have never experienced this before. I don't know if I can ever return to Buca. Firstly I knew there was something wrong with the server when we arrived. She just seemed...off...or high. She was very awkward and kept flirting with my date. Not only that but she completely ignored me as if I wasn't sitting right there. To make matters worse...much worse our yummy carbonara had a hair in it. A nice long blonde hair. I was done. I pulled it out and showed my date he looked at it and told me to just get rid of it. Ok I did and I stopped eating. He kept eating lol until...I found another hair!!!!!!!! Yuck!!!! There is nothing worse than someone else's hair in your food. The night was ruined for me and we both stopped eating I never speak up when I am unhappy about something. I am just naturally a friendly non-confrontational girl but I felt like I had to say something! No one should have to eat food with hair in it and have to pay $19 for it. Alas my date didn't want to make things more awkward since  out server seemed to be on the verge of an emotional breakdown. So I kept quiet against my better judgement. She later returned with the check which was wrong and claimed that she would have to pay the difference out of her pocket if she tried to change it. Confused! Then she asked us to do the survey and give her 5 stars. Ha! I just started laughing I was sure this entire night was a joke. She literally said as she knelt down to our table and clasped her hands as if in prayer (I couldn't make this up guys) I'm new here could you please give me 5 stars for the good of humanity and for all those people without jobs in the world.) This was entertaining. Then she proceeded to take my dates credit card and flirt with him some more! She touched his chest and asked if he had any brothers. Holy...cannoli... get me out of here! I was happy to leave and planned to never return. That woman just creeped me out. Sorry Buca a previous visit was much better than this one.