Holy unprofessional I wish they offered a free course called server 101 because I fear our server cannot last in this industry much longer. I dare say she might have been the worst server I have ever experienced -and it actually blows my mind that she earns tips on a daily basis. She greets our table after 15 minutes of waiting in the lobby followed by 15 minutes of sitting at our table ...was the place slammed? No. Her greeting consisted of throwing her arms over the backs of our chairs and asking us if we'll buy her a shot of tequila.... then when she took our order and her pen didn't work she turned around and threw it at the bar...nice.  She dropped two of our meals (a filet and salmon) and then came over and said you heard that crash that was your meal ...I then politely told her that my rare steak looked more well and she then answered  well that's three people that have to wait for their meals...rolled her eyes and stormed off ...nice.She then brings out the salmon...gosh that poor friend who ordered salmon. The first time it was served raw. Then she had to send it back yet again- the third time it was served without sauce. They finally just brought her out her sides to eat while she waiting for her dish since this was going on a 2. 5 hour meal at this point....nice. Everyone paid the full cost of their meal which was fine for me as steak is over/under cooked quite frequently but there really was no excuse for the salmon at that point - 3 times you blew it. To make matters worse our server tacked on her 20% at the end - of course that's why her service sucked (to be frank) she knew all along she would be tipped- why try? Oh and at the end she exclaimed that in 20 minutes she would be drinking tequila I had only hoped she saved enough for me...lord knows I needed it at that point!I will say the only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was that the manager brought me a complimentary dessert and glass of sparkling wine for she seemed to be the only professional who cared about her guests and how they were treated. I know that problems with the meals are often not the fault of a server but to be friendly helpful and in general apologetic ...or even sympathetic to your guests well that is the job of the server and she failed miserably.Disappointed is an understatement . I will not be back.