I don't like to give out one stars and I don't give them out lightly without an explanation. I was out driving looking for yard sales in the area when we passed this cute little restaurant. I figured it was probably going to be some amazing southern cooking and my heart was craving some delicious buttered pancakes. To my dismay they were done with breakfast once we arrived. Ah well. No big deal.We sat at our table and it took a bit for our server to come and talk to us and there were only a couple people there. I felt as if our being there was an inconvenience and I was pretty bummed since I'd had such high expectations of the place. We ordered Mt. Dew & when they brought it out it was in a can. So obviously no free refills. Ok. That I was even sort of ok with... Well when our food came out I ordered the veggie plate which was 3 sides. A salad with ranch dressing mashed potatoes and gravy & corn were my meal & my boyfriend ordered the roast beef special that the server swore by. My salad came out and it had only lettuce on the plate with a gallon of ranch dressing. No carrots cheese onions or anything but it had a slice of tomato that appeared to have mold on it. Gross. I ate a few bites of the lettuce drenched in ranch before I noticed the tomato & then I pushed it aside. My boyfriend tried the roast beef and said it was so chewy he had to grind it against his teeth for awhile to chew it up & it was just bland in general. I took a bite of the potatoes because at that point I figure it was the best thing I'd be eating at this place. I stuck them in my mouth and wow... they were flavorless. It was seriously like I'd taken a bite of textured air. Really??? So I said nothing and offered a bite to my boyfriend to see what his reaction was because I knew he wouldn't believe me if I told him. He took the bite and stopped chewing immediately and looked at me with a questioning look and said Gross. The corn was good but that was seriously the only thing I could even eat. He ate a portion of his sandwich and left the rest because he just couldn't do it. I was actually a little angry by this point because I can't believe a place that has been around so long could be this terrible. When we got the bill it was almost $30!!!!! Yeah and those cans of pop we ordered $1.50 each! Ridiculous. I will never return to this place and if you're driving by I wouldn't recommend it. Really sad about this one.