Very disappointed.  I had been to Olive or Twist for drinks and really enjoyed it but had never been there for a meal.  I was going to a show at the Benedum with a friend and made reservations about a week and a half before the show.  We arrived about 15 minutes early for our 6:00 reservation expecting we may not be able to be seated yet.  The problem is that even though I called and made a reservation (including the person answering the phone taking my name and phone number and repeating the date and time) we were told there was no reservation for our name.  The hostess said something along the lines of are you sure you called here to make a reservation and not somewhere else  Yes I'm pretty sure I called the right restaurant...  She kept looking at the room of empty tables looking at the book and then looking at us.  After a few minutes of back and forth she told us the lounge upstairs was open and we were welcome to grab a table up there.  So we trudged upstairs.  All that was available were small high top tables.  Being a Friday night it was packed with the happy hour crowd and was pretty noisy.  Not really the environment we were looking for but we decided to make the most of it.We started with the Buffalo Chicken Dip appetizer.  It is served in a martini glass with toasted/fried pita chips.  It was tasty and we were surprised at how much dip there actually was.  The problems with food began with the pacing of the meal.  We had our appetizer for under five minutes when our entrees came out.  It may not have been a big deal if we were at a real table in the restaurant downstairs but being at the high top bar tables we had no room for our drinks appetizer and meal.  We found ourselves stacking stuff and pulling things off the table in order to fit everything.  It was frustrating.  Not to mention that we would either have to let our entrees get cold as we finished the appetizer or let the appetizer get cold as we ate our entrees.  With as much as we enjoyed the appetizer we were looking forward to our meals. Unfortunately they were very disappointing.  My friend ordered the french dip sandwich with a side of mashed potatoes.  Her potatoes were ice cold and sandwich luke warm.  When she mentioned it to the server the server said so would you like me to take them back or are they ok  When would cold mashed potatoes ever be OK?  When her potatoes were brought back warmed she was disappointed because they were called garlic mashed but she said they were pretty bland with not much garlic at all.I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken.  It was described as grilled chicken seasoned with jerk spices pepper jack cheese garlic mayo and pineapple chutney on a Kaiser roll  No mention of a tomato.  When I got the sandwich there were three tomatoes on it.   Thankfully I just dislike tomatoes and it wasn't an allergy issue.  There was also no pineapple chutney.  When I asked about it the server told me they use a sauce and it must have been soaked into the roll.Overall very disappointed.  I wanted to love Olive or Twist because I really enjoyed the time I had visited for a drink but the dining experience was sorely lacking especially for a dinner that was supposed to be a nice laid back start to our girl's night out.