I've been here many times and I'll continue to come back.The good:  the drink specials are good.  the food is good.  the location is good.  the crowd it draws is good.The bad:  Dont come here if you are really hungry or in dire need of a drink bc the service has been CONSISTENTLY AWFUL.  Tonight we sat outside and our waitress (Nikki) walked past us four times without making eye contact.  In fairness I dont think it's an issue with the waitress being bad as much as they really need to hire more waitresses bc it seemed like there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant.Our tabletop was sticky and so after waiting for 20 min for service I decided I really needed a drink and went inside.  The bartender (Olivia) did not want to serve me bc we were sitting outside.  Your waitress will be right with you.  me:  But you are here now can I please have a Shocktop Wheat?  Ill tell the waitress.  me:  Please may i just have my beer?  She served me but then the waitress walked up to me and was like Oh I didn't see you weren't you outside?  If you didn't see me how would you notice I was outside?Its ok I felt bad for her bc she was so busy but like--I'm easy to please.  All I needed was a beer.  I got one so the waitress and I were then cool.  She then proceeded to never come back to our table but that's ok i think we pissed her off.This has been a common thread:  not enough waitstaff so you have to beg for your food or drinks when the wait staff does come by.  It's extremely frustrating.The time before last we were there we ordered food and the waitress told us that we could expect to wait over an hour bc they had a group of 15 come in.  We thought she was kidding and had our beers so we rolled with it but she was not kidding.  We waitied over an hour for our food and the waitress made no apologies.  Also our friend came and ordered food before ours came out and this was around 10:30.  after waiting and waiting and waiting we asked the waitress for an ETA on his burger but it turned out she forgot to put it in and hte kitchen had closed.The service sucks but what really sucks is the staff is never apologetic about it bc this place is a neighborhood bar w locals so they kind of dont care about apologizing bc they know you'll be back.But I come here bc like I said the food is ok but you've got to come here and be very very patient.