Like a couple others I'm really not sure what all the fuss is about this place.  I moved to Pittsburgh from Seattle where you can find some of the absolute best Vietnamese food.  This place is a hole-in-the-wall with a very brusque owner/waiter and kind of dingy decor.  I don't mind any of these things actually but the food I definitely took some issue with.  I ordered a tofu-veggie dish (can't remember the name) served over rice.  My boyfriend ordered the pork rice vermicelli bowl.  Our food came fast enough and it was served hot.  However my dish was nothing to brag about.  It was pretty average tasting Asian fare.  It didn't taste bad by any means but not restaurant quality.  Good thing it was only about 6 bucks.  My boyfriend's dinner was a real disappointment however.  My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Seattle had HUGE vermicelli bowls with absolutely fresh lettuce and onions piled high on top of perfectly cooked noodles.  The meat/tofu you ordered with it was never sparse and it was cooked to perfection.  Everything was doused with some sweet fish sauce and presented with some sliced egg roll.  The pork vermicelli that came to my table did not resemble this at all.  It was served in a rather small bowl with just a few pieces of lettuce and onion.  The pork that was on top amounted to about 1/4 of a cup of weird texturized shredded something.  It almost looked like boiled ground beef.  I felt sorry for my boyfriend because he had never eaten Vietnamese food before and I had recommended a vermicelli dish to him because they are (usually) delicious.  As a double whammy his dish was about 9 dollars!  Neither of us were full when we were done with our meals so we ordered some spring rolls which were supposed to be what they are famous for.  I don't understand this either.  The rolls were extremely bland and chewy.  The sauce that was served with it didn't do much to save it.  Overall I wouldn't recommend this place and I will continue my search for good Vietnamese food elsewhere.  Also please take note they only accept cash and no cards.