OK so I Yelp on a curve.My expectations of quality technique ambiance flavor service seasoning skill knowledge presentation and value are directly proportionate to the dollars spent and the locality in which it is enjoyed. I can not apply the same degree of criticism at Torchy's for $10 as I do at Per Se for $500 ... although they both deserve 5 stars based on the above criteria.This brings me to The Capital Grille in Charlotte....  Design and decor get high ratings for the old school old boys steak house feel. However more modern interpretations like Houston's/Hillstone or J.Alexander's score higher and feel better. The service was knowledgeable but rushed and not attentive.Not bad in any way but not what I would expect from a place that seems so polished pretentious and more importantly so expensive. Lets just say I have had much better service for half the price... ( recently Acme in Chapel Hill but I have yet to get to that review)Food ... OK $40 an entree  ala carte $10 sides those are NYC LA SF  prices. I expect it to be of comparable quality...... Sadly it was not.  The menu list daily seafood feature when I asked it was I was told filet(beef) medallions with scallops .... sorry Chef .... that may feature seafood but it is not a seafood feature !  Between the 2 of us we had - Cedar Plank salmon slightly over cooked vastly under seasoned ( my better half rarely salts anything she did this)Bone in NY ordered mid-rare received very much on the rare side slightly cold flavor was good but undercooked and served with a slightly roasted shallot that was still crunchy (not cooked enough) not the sweet soft unctuousness that it could have been.Potato gratin ( $10) needed an extra 15 min. in the oven the potatoes were not cooked through... and there was a very very strong raw garlic flavor AND there was plastic wrap inside ! .. In fairness I understand this happens occasionally and it and the dessert were comped however I see a trend of sloppiness with the food that should not be happening at this price point.Grilled Asparagus ($10) it was ok ... but just ok. Dessert creme brule ......nothing special...  thin  not very crisp carmel made worse by too many wet berries and a strawberry fan garnish which even in the darkly lit dining room (as opposed to the kitchen) I could see was past its prime.it was a $50 dinner for more than $150 so I think that Meh. I've experienced better sums it up ............ 2 stars