My girlfriend has been a regular of this place for years and could not wait to take me when I came in town for the Steelers game. We did not make a reservation and showed up on a busy saturday night around 8:45pm fully expecting a long wait. My girlfriend had forewarned me that there will be a wait so when we showed up we just expected to put our names down and go across the street for a drink while we waited. We ended up waiting in the front of the restaurant for ~20 minutes without anyone taking down our name. A few waitresses mentioned that the older italian guy (owner) took down names. We were ignored several times by him as he came up front - no biggie we saw it was busy. An older woman came up to us several times and asked if we had been helped we replied no and she reiterated that the older man dealt with the list. We were fine up through now and were still waiting when the older guy came up to the front and shoved the older woman (his wife?) and proceeded to scream at her for several minutes. The entire restaurant went quiet and was staring at the front of the restaurant (where we were awkwardly standing as well). The older gentleman was screaming that she was always interfering with the list and he was done with it. He kept going on and said that why did she even care about a couple of out of towners who will never come back again. (which was even more shocking because my girlfriend was a regular and had regularly conversed with the man many times before). We subsequently left while the man was still screaming at the woman. This was the most absurd display at a restaurant I have ever seen. My girlfriend was extremely upset especially for the physical violence the man was displaying. This was no casual shove but rather a full two handed violent push followed by pounding his fist on the table and screaming at the woman in front of the entire restaurant. Needless to say we will never come back and recommend people boycott a place where the owner treats his (wife/employee) with such disrespect regardless of how stressed he may be on a busy night.