9/7/2014 Went here for late lunch with a friend after running errands near the mall. I've been here at this location a few times before with great results. Today not so much. Our server Jeff was the worst waitstaff I've encountered in many years.could never find him and when we did was having conversation with other female employee. had to get up and find my own pepper mill that had something in it. had to ask the hostess several times for assistance. 15 minutes after order our salads come I needed more dressing so we had to search him out in the place because we couldn't see him anywhere fro over 5 minutes. after 45 MORE minutes our meals came. I ordered the parmesan crusted ribeye med rare and the French onion soup. she ordered the ribeye as well and I don't remember what side. my steak was cool (not cold) and over done to a medium ALSO the cheese on my soup had solidified! so this tells me that our meals SAT in the back so long they got cold. my friends meal was also cool - all of it!She said NOTHING but by now I am pissed off the guy never refilled our drinks - we had to ask for others to get it and by the time he remembered we had probably needed a refill we were already done drinking half of what the last person we begged for liquid from gave us. I told the hostess that this guy needs a lot more training because he is the worse server I have ever come across I FIRED servers who weren't this bad when I was a head waitress for 2 years!the only reason WHY this place got 2 stars is because of the manager (Alberto I think his name was) came over and I showed him my meal told him of all the issues we had but what I was most disappointed with is the obvious WAIT time to get the cold food- which was NOT the kitchens fault. He personally promised to go cook my steak himself (he said it just takes 8 minutes!) WOW then Jeff should explain the 45 minutes we waited for our 8 minute steaks. (keep in mind there was only about 4 tables occupied including ours in the whole place)finally finished our meals and we would've left $1 tip instead of the $5 bill but that was the smallest bill we had and we had to leave. And this arrogant little dude is going to come over and start making excuses to us? says he was doing all he could to help us? that he didn't know there was a problem? that he had been there 3 months and never had a complaint? (well the manager said he had been there 1 month- I believe the manager) and maybe SO JEFF no one complained- ya know what most PEPLE DONT- they just DON'T come back!