Zero stars for service.  Zero stars for price. One star for food. I have been to the Harris Grill three separate times for dining.  The first was happy hour - with a party of six. We waited 30 minutes for a table; we watched several tables empty out and stay un-bussed and dirty for more than 10minutes at a time.  Obviously they must have been understaffed.  Once seated service was extremely slow.  Our server was slow to arrive at our table to begin and take our drink order. Our drinks took even longer to arrive (approx. 20 min from when seated.)  The appetizers were tasty although overpriced. Buffalo chicken dip was very good. Service remained poor.  Perhaps they were just very busy and understaffed. The second time I came was midweek midday for lunch.  The place was mostly empty.  Surely we would get good prompt service now?  Not so much.  All I ordered was the chocolate cupcake dessert.   It took about 25 minutes.  It looked like half a cupcake was dropped on the floor and then attempts made at making the broken pieces look presentable on a plate.  Half of it was luke-warm half of it was cold.  Terrible.  WTF?The most recent and I promise the last time I will ever go to the Harris Grill was a Sunday for brunch.  Again a 30min wait for a party of 3 to be seated.  I understand that - its Sunday - its Brunch - lots of places have a wait.  But again we watched table after table go empty and stay dirty.  Finally seated it again took 20 minutes to get our drinks - orange juice. And then the waitress only brought two of the three beverages.  The third took another 10 minutes.  Seriously??  Our food took an hour. SERIOUSLY OVERPRICED!!  Several items on the menu were out.  (We arrived at noon for a brunch that was supposed to last from 10-2pm).  The menu was prix fixed at $14.  $14 for two pieces of French toast with disgusted dried out frozen tater tots. (They had run out of home fries). The eggs Benedict were dried and hardened - just plain gross.  The eggs over easy had no runny yolk. The sausage was very good.  They served us the wrong toast.  You couldn't get worse food or service at a McDonalds run by newborn donkeys.