So I just rushed home from Blue because I couldn't wait to get on here and give them this review.  Ok I'm lying.  I made one stop on the way home - Barnes and Noble -  to buy a dictionary so I could find the words to explain just how bad this place was for me.  If not for it being restaurant week thus having reduced pricing I might have 'made a scene.'So I'll start with a service review since I can sum it up with one simple fact: 2 hours and 15 minutes into dinner (restaurant week I remind you - simplified menu 3 courses) we were still waiting on stuff to be brought to the table.  The service was atrocious and incredibly slow.  At the 2 hour and 15 minute mark we finally just flagged down the waitress told her to box up the food box up the desserts that hadn't arrived yet just so we could finally get the heck out of there.  Initially I thought this was part of the Blue experience but its not.  The waitress came by every 30 minutes took the order for the next course and it took an hour for each course to come out.  So the food is boxed and i come home nightmare over right?  Wrong! they boxed up my friends food and gave it to me boxed his up an gave it to the 3rd couple that was with us etc etc etc.  So NOBODY went home with their own food.  I love my friends but I'm not nibbling at their food scraps.  So food how was the the food?  Not quite horrible but not quite good either.  Edible is a better word for it.  I got the Grilled Niman Ranch Pork Rack Chop - with a Tuscan white gigante bean and kale ragout finished with a sweet Italian saba.  sounds fancy eh?  Well it was basically lukewarm vegetable soup with a hint of chef boyardee and a dinky pork chop dropped right in the middle.  It was so boring and bland i question the chef's competence and would openly challenge him to a cook-off if this is as good as he could do.  I could walk into a grocery store blindfolded randomly grab something bring it home and microwave it for 3 minutes and I would still like my chances.  Nobody at the table was impressed with anything they ordered.So let's circle back for a second and return to service.  The waitress was very nice and knowledgeable I have to say.  Maybe she was just over capacity?  I don't know.  But she recognized our frustration and had the manager bring our to-go boxes to us and apologize for the delays and long waits between courses (I think).  This is how that conversation went:Manager: hey guys sorry things took a little long you know uh restaurant week and the kitchen got backed up.  But how was everything?Me: Well it was ok.  some things were pretty good i suppose some better than others.Manager: (blank stare)Me:  (awkward moment)Manager; well sorry again and uh i mean you know ehhhh.... (blank stare).Me: (still awkward so I'm just going to stand up now and leave).Manager: (blank stare and walks away).needless to say I will never come back here again.  If it were free I would probably still pass.  If asked what could they do to make it right i would respond with a full refund of the entire dinner plus compensation for the 2 hours and 30 minutes of my life that I'll never get back.