Spaghetti Warehouse THEFT!!!!!  Let me just state I wish I could give it a less than one star review.Here's a story for everyone do with it what you will:Last Saturday I go to Spaghetti Warehouse for the murder mystery dinner. After leaving I realize I forgot my scarf. I call back and ask the person who answers the phone mind you her name was Stephanie and I only remembered that because..weird that's my name to go look for it. Stephanie gets back on the phone says she found it and will put it aside for me. Now I meant to get back there the next day Sunday however with my busy life I wasn't able to get back until today Saturday. This is exactly one week later I go in the afternoon when it's not busy and waited for about 20 minutes for them to look for my scarf. Now mind you they don't have a designated location for lost and found stuff when I suggested that the hostess told me that people don't normally leave stuff. YEAAA because I'm sure I'm the only on in Spaghetti Warehouse history to leave an item behind. After 20 minutes passes I have 2 managers talking to me one of which says he knows the girl who found it and he called her and left a message when there was no answer. The other manager told me he knows nothing about it and can't do anything until they speak to that employee. I asked when the employee would be back and was told this afternoon. I also asked what happens when they can't find my scarf (at this point I'm assuming an employee stole it) and was told that we would cross that bridge when and if it comes to it.Six hours elapse now I'm thinking to myself even if this girl was not suppose to come in tonight she would at least call her employer back right? Well I call the Spaghetti Warehouse to talk to the one manager and low and behold Stephanie answers the phone. I'm told I can't talk to a manager because they are really busy at the moment. Strike 2 there should always be a manager on call and able to talk to customers at any point in time. I say nevermind I'll be down. Head down to Spaghetti Warehouse for the second time today this time with my friend who was with me the night of the dinner. She goes in first as a set up asking for something completely different from that night Stephanie admits to only finding a scarf. So I follow suit and come in the other hostess who helped me early says they still didn't find it. That's funny Stephanie just said she found it. The manager who I spoke to earlier comes out to talk to me in the lobby of the busy dinner rush. Doesn't pull me aside and proceeds to argue with me in front of customers.  He had zero resolutions prepared and does not come up with one until after told we would file charges and call the better business bureau. Finally the best excuse that he can come up with is that someone must've thrown it away. EXCUSE ME! So if I accidentally left something behind and called to ask for it to be put aside someone throws it away?! After being threatened with criminal charges and calling the better business bureau he finally comes up with a resolution. If I have the receipt I can bring it down and they will reimburse me what if I can't find the receipt? Well then you can you go buy another one and the bring the receipt and we will reimburse you. Ok so I have to take time out of my day to go to buy a scarf (in hopes they still have the same one!) and then bring it back down here in order to get my money back and not to mention waste gas driving back and forth. Ends up just giving me the $20 on the spot. Which still isn't the point of all this your employee stole you didn't even think to question it when that employee is standing 5 feet away oh and the couple beside us heard the entire argument and the lobby was told not to leave anything behind because they will steal it or throw it away. Isn't the customer always right?WILL NEVER GO TO THE SPAGHETTI WAREHOUSE AGAIN IN MY LIFE OUT OF PRINCIPAL! AND THE FOOD ISN'T EVEN GOOD!!