I usually do not take the time to review restaurants and actually this is my first review ever. However my experience at this restaurant was so bad I had to share it.  First off I work at a restaurant and have for 4 years so I try not to be too hard on other restaurants when I dine out because I know the struggle.  My mother and I chose to try this restaurant before attending a concert at the arena which is very close by.  We had never eaten here but knew it was upscale and were looking forward to enjoying good food and even better service.  We had a reservation but it still took a while for us to get seated.  No big deal because we did not have to wait long.  Once we got seated it took our waiter a long time(about 10 min) to start us out with drinks.  They were fairly busy but I noticed our waiter only had 2 other tables who were already done with their meal.  Once he brought our waters out we could not get him to our table again even after attempting to wave him down.  It seemed like he was avoiding eye contact with us.  Once we finally did get him back to our table it seemed like he was rushing us to order and was actually quite rude about it .  As we were ordering our cocktails and appetizers he then pressured us to order our main course although we had not decided what we wanted yet.  When we expressed that we wanted to wait to order he seemed to give us attitude and stated that the kitchen was chaotic and up in flames and if we didn't order at this time we wouldn't make it in time for our concert. However we were dining at a time that was gave us plenty of time to make our concert and we were trying to enjoy our drinks and appetizers before ordering our main courses and did not appreciate being rushed.  When he brought our appetizers out he rushed off before asking us if we would like another cocktail (both our glasses were empty at this point.) This whole time I'm noticing he is giving his other two tables adequate attention and engaging in conversation with them which led me to wonder why we were not receiving the same amount of attention.  When he finally came to our table again we ordered more cocktails and were again urged to place our order even though we weren't quite ready.  But seeing as we did not know when we would see our waiter again we did go ahead and order our entrees.  My mom is on a gluten-free diet and on the menu the items that can be made gluten-free are clearly marked with a star.  She ordered the swordfish and mentioned that she was on this diet and to be sure it was made gluten-free.  Upon her expressing this request our waiter said that the next time we need to request a gluten-free menu to make it easier on him next time.  Well there will be no next time and we did not make our order complicated at all she just mentioned that her meal needed to be made gluten-free as the swordfish is an option on the menu that can be made this way.  Overall we spent a lot of money at this restaurant and for the amount of money we spent I would have expected to get the best service I've ever experienced instead of the worst.  Not only was it bad service our waiter had a outright attitude and was extremely rude.  I will never waste my money coming to this restaurant again even though the food was very well-prepared and good.  Service is an essential part of dining out and this restaurant is seriously lacking in that.  Along with the food being pretty good (and I will add it came out in less than 30 minutes even though our waiter expressed differently) the valet was very helpful and it is complimentary.  That was nice since we left our car there during the concert and it is located very close to the arena.  For that service as well as the food I gave this restaurant 2 stars even though based on service it deserves none.