Blech.  I think I must have been at a different buffet than these other reviewers because this was horrible.  When we walked in it was like we were in the South Pacific.  Seriously.  The thermostat must have been set at 90.  A nice change from the 40 degree weather outside but after about three minutes it was the worst.  Maybe that's for atmosphere but it was not enjoyable.To make the experience even less appetizing the place is cramped and the staff does not help at all in this regard - they are constantly in the middle of the aisles writing tickets and getting drinks in the middle of the walking areas and the like.  Again they could be going for atmosphere and having the staff constantly around is nice but with overbearing heat and little room to move it's not good.  It's bad.  Really bad.  If you don't like personal space you're good.  Really good even.  Otherwise it stinks.  Literally.  I've been to restaurants in big cities where rent is outrageous that have more room to move than this.  In Pineville there ought to be all sorts of elbow room (Schoolhouse Rock anyone?).Yes there is a sushi bar where a guy makes it in front of you.  Let me first tell you that I'm not really a sushi guy.  I like California rolls and those little rice cakes with shrimp on them and a few other things but none of the more exotic stuff.  But this was nasty.  He would take a big fried thing and plop it down on a plate and squirt some heavy mayo-like sauce all over it.That's not too bad right?  Well once the rolls were gone he'd do it again - without cleaning the plate.  That's right there was a buildup of this mayo on the platter.  Several varieties all right there under the lights.  It was pretty sickening.  Like a sushi hog pond.On the regular buffet it wasn't too bad but it wasn't that good either.  If you want a Southern food buffet (meat rolls corn) it's okay.  But the Chinese food was just average.  Add that to the place the staff the price - go elsewhere.  China King and Dragon House aren't far away and Tin Tin is just up the street (though I'm not a huge fan of Tin Tin either).  You'll have a much nicer experience.