Let me start by saying their food is top notch my favorite is baked rigatoni with whole wheat penne and I have the italian sausage replaced with ground beef. I wish they offered a small salad with the order instead of an addon but you definitely get your moneys worth in quantity. ALSO if you are on the lookout there are ALWAYS buca coupons in the sunday papers in valpak and if you search for google apps on android. So if this was based on food I would give Buca a 5.I took my Italian gf to Buca on her bday at her request and I must say the dining experience was the WORST either of us have ever experienced. We went during the week and they had maybe 8 different tables or groups dining in...they put us all in the same room (with the other 4-5 rooms EMPTY) and bunched us together with everyone. I'm literally sitting side by side with another group on a bench inevitably hearing every word of their conversation. Ideally you take your gf out on her Bday you want a private personable dinner where you can talk without hearing every word of someone elses conversation....that alone was bad when they had so much room in the restaurant. On top of that we had the worst waitress ever Cassandra.....she harassed us literally every 2-3 minutes asking us if the food was okay talking about the weather etc...she was interrupting us CONSTANTLY. My gf and I began being short with her so she would let us enjoy our dinner and she just didn't take the clue. On top of that the host who worked at the front door kept coming back and doing the same CONSTANTLY. It's nice that people care that your meal is okay but theres no need to ask us how our meal is literally every few minutes when I'm eating the same thing. My gf and I could not talk without the constant interruption.Horrible experience dine in but we have continued to go back for their TAKE OUT....We generally will call 20-30 mins in advance then showup to get our orders and its still not ready often we'll have to sit there and wait another 10-20 mins like they didn't start it until we got there. The food is so good and they give you SOOOOOO much (leftovers for days) it makes it worth it but the customer service is very low in my opinion.