This is a perfect example of a really disgusting Pittsburgh style pizza you guys love this awful crap for some reason.  I called in and asked how big their medium was the idiot responded with 8 cuts which obviously tells me nothing considering you can cut anything into 8.  When I asked again he said 14 inches so I ordered a medium cheese and an order of breadsticks.  I will confess that I didn't actually try the pizza because I had to send it back because it was well past the point of being edible.  It was like pizza soup in a crust bowl. This place is using deck style brick ovens which is about the only thing they are doing right.  They do not cook directly on the brick though they use pizza screens.  The screens that they use are the ones with the really big holes as opposed to the grid style screens that everyone else uses.  I have never seen another shop use the big hole screens and probably for a reason because the dough was really really terrible cooked.  It was burned to the point of being black on the bottom at (which I usually don't mind at all) but somehow they managed for it to still be completely doughy and soft and not the least bit crispy.  Honestly it seems like some kind of miracle of science to have a black pizza bottom and for it to not at least be a little bit crispy.  The pizza was definitely on the overly thick and doughy side and even if it had been cooked well it probably still would have been too doughy to be very good.  The dough recipe may or may not have tasted good no one will probably ever know because it will probably never be cooked evenly enough to even have a chance at tasting good. The biggest problem with the pizza overall was the 2 pounds of cheese sunken into a large gelatinous wad in the middle.  It smelled like decent cheese probably Grande (although probably cut with something cheaper).  They are wasting so much money on cheese its sad.  Whoever the pizzaman was obviously took no pride in it whatsoever.  The sauce was all dropped into the middle with most of the cheese.  The edges of the pizza had big bubbles where all of the cheese and sauce should have been but they were NOT the nice crispy kind of bubbles that could be enjoyed...just lumpy masses of sadness.  I can't comment on the taste of the sauce because I am not a brave enough man to have put a slice of this DIY toilet clogging kit into my delicate stomachular system.  Fake words aside this pizza really sucks guys. The icing on the cake were the breadsticks a side item that I consider to be pretty un-f*ckable.  So for breadsticks Mr. Bellesario (BTW I hope that this is just some made-up Italian restaurant name and that someone doesn't actually put their family name behind this crap) just cuts up slices of the premade Sicilian dough and slaps some oil and herbs on it and calls it breadsticks.  Its the most ghetto attempt at this particular appetizer that I have ever heard of.  Its pretty funny really. So yeah this place is definitely worth avoiding at all costs especially considering the prices aren't even good and the restaurant itself is completely filthy inside.  The owner was nice enough about refunding the money for the pizza.  Its a shame when I see businesses like this that are set in their ways and are really wasting their potential with a general lack of pride.