Well it finally happened: I had to give a place a single star. And it kills me that the place I gave it to had to be Primanti's. I'm an awful Pittsburgher.I don't give low ratings easily or often so believe me: this place pushed all of my buttons to earn this awful review. In fact the single star was only earned because the place is cleaner and more comfy than some of the other Primanti places I've been too. It kind of has an old diner feeling to it and I liked that. Alas that's all I liked.So why such a low score? Well:The service was terrible. After spending twenty minutes sitting without anyone coming to refill my water or ask for my actual order - note the place was almost completely empty - I went to the register to ask for something to eat which I'd started to think I had to do after watching a couple people do the same (in hindsight I probably misinterpreted their actions but my mistake does not excuse what happened next). My waiter looked at me and went Don't you get the concept of a restaurant? Haven't you been to any restaurants like ever? Sit back down and I'll take your order. And not even in a joking manner that made me feel like I could smile about my mistake - this guy was being a condescending rude arrogant person. It was unbelievable. Utterly totally unbelievable. If I hadn't met company there that night I would have walked out right then.To make matters worse this was not a good night to order anything at Primanti's. The coleslaw was way too sweet and there was far too much of it the fries were bland and had no texture at all and there was barely any meat on my sandwich at all. The result? A big pile of carbs that really didn't taste great after the first few bites rather than a delicious sandwich.Before you all kill me please note: I LIKED my meal at Mt. Lebanon's Primanti location. They also have a more diverse menu which is always a bonus for me - I like having more options. I think in the future I will stick to that location in this local chain where even on a busy night I managed to get food in a decent amount of time. I certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if I spot my previous downright awful waiter working there again.