Red Lobster is where America goes for seafood!I think that was their one-time slogan. This won't be the location I will go for their seafood anyway. I really like Red Lobster. I think it's about the best place to find crab legs locally that are cooked correctly but it comes at a price.Let's start with their overpriced drinks: They've got a lot of cocktails to choose from but they really skimp on the liquor. I don't mind paying upwards of $6-$7 but at least put in some alkie-hall that I can taste.The biscuits: As long as they come out hot I have no complaints. Often imitated but never duplicated. These babies will fill you up if you don't watch how many you eat.The appetizer: Mozzarella Cheesesticks. Meh. They used to have the best years ago but they've messed with the recipe on both the breading and marinara too much over the years.The salad: I used to favor their Caesar salad over most everyone else but they've changed and skimped on the dressing. I think I'd rather have their soup.The meal: The Ultimate Feast. I could not resist. 2 small lobster tails 1/2 lb of snow crab legs 4 fried shrimps and shrimp scampi. I got a side of broccoli because they've once again messed with their recipe on their mashed-potatoes. Their baked potatoes no longer have the skin encrusted in salt. Shrimp crab and lobster were great. Broccoli had no flavor. I had to dip in in the butter of the scampi for flavor. Protions seem to have shrunk on a lot of the items though.The dessert: Warm Chocolate Chip Lava Cookie. One of the best desserts ever although this one was skimpy on the lava.The location: Never go to Red Lobster on a Sunday. There is no time of that particular day that you won't find yourself waiting.  Parking is a b!tch. It's a near nightmare getting in and out of the mall parking lot that this location is a part of.The service: Lackluster. I won't name names but our waiter was absent for the most part. I know it was busy but he seemed to only have a handful of tables in our area. Maybe he had other tables on the other part of the restaurant but he seemed to have a good knowledge of the ACC games that were going on at the time. Just sayin'. Drink refills were few and far between. Getting the check and even a pen to sign the damned thing was too lengthy. This isn't the first time we've had so-so service at this location either.The price: Too expensive for what you get. Prices have gone up on anything and everything at RL. We make a trip to them maybe twice a year at the most.It's hard to give this place the rating I gave. The taste of the food justifies the higher part of the rating but the service and costs are more like a 2Your palWalter