I ate at this restaurant last night with three dining companions.  We decided to sit in the bar area at a high table which had views of the ample number of TV's.  The beer list that they had was nice with about 20 different beers on tap and a nice selection of bottles.  I ended up having the Philly Shackamaximum with my waitress telling me that she preferred the Long Trails Porter.  It was served in a chilled glass and tasted pretty good to me.For dinner we attempted to start off by ordering the Blues BBQ Pork Nachos.  We were told that they did not have any pork and so we were not able to order it.  At this point we were also told that they did not have any veggie burgers as well.  So we started out with the Chicken Chili Nachos.  They were pretty good and were covered with real cheese as opposed to nacho cheese which was to my liking.  For dinner I decided on having the Lovely Lisa's Salad since I love both blue cheese and granny smith apples.  Upon receiving the salad I dug in.  The chicken was cooked nicely moist and tender and there was a nice coating of blue cheese on the salad.  However there was a problem since there were no granny smith apples on the salad.  Whenever the waitress came back to check on us I asked about the missing apples.  She went to the kitchen and came back and told us that they were out of them and promptly left.  I am not normally one to complain but I feel like something could have been substituted in for the apples or that I should have been told before ordering or they could have discounted the salad but none of that occurred.  It is sad that it happened too because the rest of my salad was pretty good but that left the proverbial bitter taste in my mouth.The bottom line is that I have been here before and the food is generally good.   However leaving a major part off an item and being told that the kitchen is out without any rectification will make me think twice before returning here again.  It is a shame because Buffalo Blues does have potential.