I met a group of girls here for dinner last night and my initial first impressions were very positive.  The space was attractive with a nice bar area and bottles of wine decoratively placed on display.  Some of the wine was reasonably priced and the wine list included descriptive words below each type like dry food-friendly hints of pear.  Very helpful to a wine ignoramus like me.  There was only one bartender at 730 pm and he was quite busy so it was difficult to get his attention.  One of my friends also was given a dirty glass with smudges on it at first but as soon as we managed to signal the busy bartender he fixed it quickly.Our server was very friendly and cheerful.  She didn't rush us and made good wine recommendations.  We had to ask for water which I thought was a bit weird since the table was pre-set with empty water glasses.  I just assumed someone would be round with a pitcher but that was not the case.We started with the artichoke dip which was pretty good - your usual creamy dip with artichoke hearts and spinach.  It was served with some little slices of french bread and was a pretty decent appetizer.  For my entree I got the Danish burger and here's where things took a major tumble.  The burger supposedly had herbed caper relish and bleu cheese.  Now tell me - how flavorful does that sound?  It sounds pungent sharp and just what I was in the mood for.  What I received was one of the most bland burgers I had ever eaten.  Seriously.  What.  Was.  The deal?It was cooked the way I asked and taking the bun off revealed that there was indeed caper relish and bleu cheese on the burger.  But there was a very small amount of it - when I ate a crumble of cheese by itself it was delicious but on the burger the flavor just vanished.  The burger was just a big slab of flavorless ground beef.  I couldn't taste salt pepper garlic anything.  I had to put ketchup on it!  KETCHUP!  Normally that's not weird but on a burger with bleu cheese and caper relish I shouldn't need other condiments.I lost interest in it very quickly and focused on eating my sweet potato fries.  I should say that those were pretty tasty and I was happy to spend my time gobbling them up.  I took most of the burger home and fed it to my boyfriend who agreed that it was a super boring burger.Major bummer.  I considered giving this place a 3 since it's a cute restaurant the service was good we enjoyed our wine my sweet potato fries were hot and crispy and the appetizer was all right but UGH that burger!  I can't with that burger.That being said I'd go back for wine and I'd hesitantly try something from another part of the menu but I'm done with their burgers.  Their burgers are dead to me.The hunt for a decent burger in Pittsburgh goes on...