D'Amico's is like...Olive Garden only less festive and with more local color.  We came here for a coworker holiday dinner at 530 pm on a Thursday.  We made a reservation for seven of us but there was no need to call ahead - the place was empty except for a man sitting at the bar and a couple of girls at another table across the room.  Definitely not hoppin'.  The color of the walls and the decor remind me of a hotel restaurant that only serves a breakfast buffet.  It's very quiet in there except for the low noises from a TV showing a football game in the next room.Our server was definitely set in her ways as one of my coworkers said.  She had a routine in terms of when she took drink orders when she took food orders when she brought the check.  Deviations in the schedule seemed to cause a does not compute response across her face....like when I sat down and she asked what I wanted to drink.  I said I was going to wait until my next coworker arrived (thinking she might want to share some wine with me) and she was just like ...you want to wait?  to order something to drink...? and I was all yes I just got here....I don't even know what I want! and she looked so confused like how could some idiot like me possibly not know what they wanted to drink - finally she was like oh do you need a list or something?  I know I'm one of those difficult customers who requires a wine list in order to determine what wine I plan to order.  I'm weird like that.  Trying to order food at the same time as drinks was also a no-go.  You have to play by her rules.  When we did figure out the complicated drink-ordering situation my coworker and I enjoyed our half-carafe of chardonnay.  I'd recommend getting a half carafe - the wine glasses are so small paying $6 for a glass is a total rip off.  Get a half or full carafe and get your money's worth.The entrees come with soup and salad which seems really old-school and kind of awesome to me.  They had one kind of soup so you get what you get.  It was a chicken-vegetable-tortellini soup served in a little cup.  I liked it because I like thin brothy soups but it wasn't anything special.  The four little tortellinis floating around were the best part and it was nice to have some veggies too.  Salad was standard iceberg lettuce carrot shreds some tinny-tasting black olives and the acidic but not-bad strawberry vinaigrette that came on the side.  I didn't bother with the bread - it didn't look like anything special and it just came with butter packets.I got the pasta roll for my entree.  Despite having lots of ingredients (pasta spinach prosciutto pine nuts sambuca tomato cream sauce probably some cheese somewhere) the dish was surprisingly one note.  I didn't think it was well-seasoned - I ended up pouring red pepper flakes on top to give it a zing which didn't help terribly.  The texture was good and it was a cool idea and it wasn't a BAD dish but it was just...meh.  Nothing exciting.  Very average.  Pretty bland.  I tasted a few other people's dishes and my response was the same.  It's just generic stuff.  Like I said Olive Garden only local.  Considering how meh the food was I think it's way overpriced.So I wouldn't go back.  It's not my kind of food or place.  For all the Italian folks around here I'm sure Pittsburgh must have way better Italian food offerings than this.