My husband and I were looking for a new place to try for brunch on Labor Day. Instead of going to our standby the Original Pancake house I suggested we try the Dor-Stop. We arrived at 12:30 and were soon joined by the 3rd person in our party. The hostess informed us that we were next on the list for a table and would be seated soon. I was surprised at how busy it was on a holiday. This small little diner was packed with people. Every table was full as well as every seat at the counter. About ten minutes later a waitress came over and called two parties that arrived after us. My husband had to go talk to her and explain how we were waiting longer. She apologized for skipping us and was able to seat us right away. Once seated I had a difficult time deciding what to order from the extensive menu. Wow! They have a huge selection. I finally decided on the special Apple Harvest French toast with bacon. When I asked the waitress about the special she had a difficult time describing it but I still wanted to give it a try. Once we ordered it took well over 15 minutes for our food. I understand that they were very busy but that amount of time did seem a bit excessive for diner food. When my french toast arrived it was not exactly what I was expecting per the description but it was very tasty. The french toast had a nice crisp on it and the cream cheese sauce had a lot of flavor. However for being APPLE harvest french toast it was certainly lacking apples or apple flavoring. This french toast would have been perfect with slices of cooked apples on top instead of the small apple pieces that were mixed in with the cream cheese. The bacon also lacked a nice crispiness. I also had the opportunity to try my husband's banana chocolate chip pancakes. Although they looked delicious with the bananas and chocolate chips baked into the pancakes they tasted rather salty. My husband agreed with my assessment. It seemed like the cook was a little heavy handed when adding salt to the batter. Overall I wasn't overly impressed though I would give the Dor Stop a second chance based on their huge selection to choose from.