I am very happy to be moving into a 'neighborhood' that has a line-up of decent mom-and-pop shops to find a reasonable meal when the cupboard is bare or the energy banks are depleted for cooking. Bellevue does seem to have a small collection of decent eats at reasonable prices and The Rusty Nail is one of that handful of good examples of neighborhood haunts.It's touted as a 'diner' in many of the reviews but it really is a step above your average 'diner' and is more of a cozy neighborhood gathering spot for a decent burger or entree. I've not made it there for the breakfast but have always been satisfied by the dinners.Rusty Nail is hardly on the gourmet end of the scale. In fact I would imagine the Sysco truck pulls up out back regularly with deliveries of food parts from cans of sauces to frozen animal chunks. As long as those parts are assembled and doctored to make them seem a bit fresher than the typical conveyor-belt diner all is fine. And indeed all IS fine.So few of our local 'diners' are up to snuff when it comes to serving up decent 'diner' fare that I can't call Rusty Nail a diner. It's a neighborhood family restaurant. Period.Burgers meatloaf pot roast fish sammiches salads pastas...a varied but adequate menu. Fair and decent prices. Friendly and attentive service. A cozy enough atmosphere (although I have to say AGAIN in a review of a restaurant if you've got multiple TVs in the space for gods sake can ONE of them NOT be showing SPORTS coverage??) and a pleasant crowd of patrons. During my last visit there was a large family gathering at the next table. A nicely polished middle-class clan ranging in age from gramps to granddaughter. At one point dad received a phone call on his cell...and actually stepped OUTSIDE to have his conversation. As I was leaving I had to pat him on the back and thank him for being one of the few remaining decent guys with manners!Bottom line...Rusty Nail is comfortable. It's not a drive-out-of-you-way destination for dining. It is what it is. A great little neighborhood spot FOR the neighborhood. But do bring cash. The don't take credit cards. Believe it or not they WILL actually take a check.