I ate here this past Friday evening with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  I had made 7 PM reservations for us and we arrived shortly before that to a table that was ready for us.  The inside of the restaurant is actually much tinier than I had expected with as many people crammed in as possible.  It probably was helped that the night we were there there was a party of 10+ next to us.  They would also order just before us understandably leading to some slower service times for us which I would guess is not the norm.  Other than it being crowded there was not much else in the dining room to look just some table and chairs as well as some pictures on the walls.For dinner my girlfriend and I decided to start of the evening with the polenta to share.  It came out cut into pieces and served with some sweet sausage and a pesto drizzle.  I thought that the sweet sausage was the best part of it with the polenta being ok while my girlfriend really enjoyed the polenta.  For our dinner entrees I ordered the Penne Vodka which came with a tomato basil cream sauce and prosciutto while my girlfriend went with the Penne Parma that had some artichoke hearts roasted red peppers olives and sweet sausage in a garlic wine sauce.  Both pastas also came with salads before the meal and both my girlfriend and I ordered the house balsamic dressing.  The salads came topped with many different things and I thought that they were pretty good salads for being included in the meal.  The Penne Vodka that I ordered ended up being really good!  It was delivered when still at a fairly hot temperature and I really enjoyed the sauce.  It's only peculiar item was that the prosciutto was almost off to the side and not in the pasta which I found to be odd but I still enjoyed it.  Even though I really enjoyed my pasta I actually thought that my girlfriends meal tasted better.  The garlic wine sauce on hers was awesome and made each bite of her entrée that I had a treat.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here again.  I was very happy with all of the food that we had and also loved that the prices were good for the quality of food that they were serving.