We (my fiance and I) went out for a pseudo-couples' date with our good friends Sara and Thom to Max's to introduce them to some of the most authentic German food in da Burgh. Where most people associate Hofbrauhaus with the ultimate German beer-hall experience I prefer Max's for the quieter less raucous environs. (At least when it's not Oktoberfest)We'd been there once before and immediately fell in love with the place. I (still) keep raving about the Sausage and Cheese platter. They've got some good Gouda. The Potato Pockets (pierogies) were OK -- I'd take some Pierogies Plus or Forgotten Taste over Max's but that's just me.The spaetzel was to die for however. It's like a German Mac n' Cheese. And boy do I love me some Mac n' Cheese. It literally melts in your mouth with its' ooey-gooey-ness.Drink-wise I tried their German lager and Thom tried the sampler. Thom is a beer enthusiast. For around eight bucks you get a GOOD amount of beers to try -- they are not some dinky little shot glass samples either. Thom had some trouble near the end finishing it...it was so much beer. Bob had a Captain and ginger-ale...in a king-size goblet. Goblets are the ONLY way to serve adult bevvies.For dinner I had the pork loin over an apple-raisin gravy/bread concoction. The pork loin was flavorful and tender and quite delicious. Sara had the sauerbraten and seemed to enjoy it. Bob's burger was ginormous and looked extra tasty.We finished it off with the Apple Fritters. Now these fritters aren't for the faint of heart. And they aren't your average dinky small sized portions either. You get two huge deep fried apple fritters covered in vanilla ice cream. One person CANNOT eat the whole serving. You must I repeat MUST share them. If you attempt to eat the whole plate yourself you will have flavor explosion followed by severe heartburn. But damn are they GOOD.Our visit ended up totaling 2 hours. One thing though...please fix your outdoor sign. Usually it shines out like a red and blue beacon in the night for people to find their way there but on Wednesday it was out. Driving there I got confused on where it exactly was (but I had a general idea as I had been there before.).