Okay.. I have never eaten there before last night but I have eaten at Davio's and that is what the atmosphere reminded me of.. we were there a total of 3 hours start to finish.. 3 hours until our main course was served. But many courses are served as you wait... most of them were delicious. They bring you out fresh delicious warmed bread at the beginning with a garlic oil sauce dubbed holy oil and it truly is heavenly. They also have a bowl of cheese and garbanzo beans to eat atop of the bread. Delicious. There is also a cheesy spread available. All were wonderful. Then about 45 minutes later they brought our appetizer. It was a soupy-looking mushroom appetizer with a sweet flavor. I do not recommend this app. It wasn't good. Then about 35 minutes after that a salad was served. It came dressed and was one of the best I've had. 35-45 minutes after that the HIGHLIGHT of the dinner came. Pasta in a bowl. It was the best part of the dinner. Finally another long time after that - our main course came. Mine looked only slightly better than it tasted. I got the seafood diavolo and it was a huge disappointment. I really liked our waiter - he was very busy but attentive - but I cursed him under my breath for recommending this main course. I was so close to ordering a pasta dish which I'm certain I would have loved and devoured. But I was talked out of ordering pasta because pasta comes with dinner. I wish our waiter would have asked me what I liked; sauces etc before recommending this dish. $68 for something you give to your cat is a hard pill to swallow. I love seafood but I enjoy it in butter sauces lemony butter sauces Alfredo sauces wince sauces with garlic... not this red soupy dish. It was literally like eating cold tomatoes and water with Tabasco sauce poured in. It looked like seafood soup. All the delicious seafood was drowning in a dark red spicy soupy mess. I wanted to cry when I saw it.. then I tasted it and really wanted to cry. It was gross. This is the last dish I would have ever ordered had I known how it was presented. I looked around at my date who had a massive veal tenderloin in front of him and I was so jealous.. wishing I had went with my first instinct - the pasta - or even the Halibut.. anything that wasn't drowning in a spicy red soup. I just hope that staff read this and never recommend this dish to a first-timer.. especially someone who enjoys seafood they can actually TASTE that isn't drowning in some spicy tomato sauce. If this dish wasnt so awful I would have given 5 stars. The only other bad dish was the mushroom appetizer and it was also a soupy mess. but i would eat the mushroom app 3 times a day for the rest of my life if it came down to that and the seafood diavolo.