If I'm ever in a situation to pick my last meal on earth it wouild be from Alla Famiglia.  My husband took me here for my birthday celebration.  We were treated extremely well from the second we walked in the door.  They even had a menu printed with a Happy birthday Jennifer message on the top!  What a nice touch.We were seated in the area near the door with a view of the kitchen.  There is also a small room (three tables) on the same floor.  The upper floor has a dining area and bar but they are often booked for private events.When you arrive there are three accompaniments for your fresh baked bread.  The holy oil that is an olive oil and banana pepper mix.  It lives up to its name because it was divine.  There was also a goat cheese spread that had red peppers and olives.  I'm a huge goat cheese fan so I could have eaten this by the spoonful.  There was also a bean and cheese mixture with three types of cheese chopped up.  It was incredible as well.  You may be tempted to fill up on these delictible delights but don't becase as good as these items are it only gets better from there.We were having a hard time deciding whether to get the meatball appetizer or the hand pulled mozzarella.  The waitress steered us towards their meatball since it is one of their signature items.  It was a wise decision.  The meatball is the size of a fist and it was perfect.  I don't usually like meatballs or red sauce and I found myself devouring every last bit of both on this plate.  The meatball is stuffed and topped with an excellent mozzarella and then drenched with an amazing red sauce with bits of garlic.  If you order this make sure you are sharing because it is huge. The salad course was very tasty.  It as a mix of field greens an olive oil dressing gorgonzola and other incredibly tasty things.  I could have eaten the entire plate of it myself but wanted to save room for the pasta and my entree.The pasta course is a house made spiral pasta in a vodka sauce.  It was extremely tasty.  So much so that my husband said he would have been happy if that alone had been his main course.  It had such incredible fresh taste.  For our main courses I got the veal chop prepared in the milanese style.  It was HUGE pretty much the size of the plate.  A nice surprise considering how small portions tend to be at other fancy restaurants in the area.  It was served with a lemon butter sauce and had large chunks of crab on top.  It was tender and you could cut it with a fork.  I savored every bite (and have leftovers to enjoy at home).  My husband had the filet and loved his choice as well.  A lot of flavors and extremely tender.  It was served with a leek cream and I would love to know how they make it because I have leeks at home that I need to use for something.I swore I didn't have room left for even a single bite more but when I learned that pumpkin gelato was the dessert I had to try it.  It was so smooth sweet and reminded me of the amazing gelato I had when I was in Italy.  A house made limoncello completed my incredibly amazing meal.Yes it is expensive but it is worth it!  I don't know when we'll be back simply because of how expensive it is but I do know we'll be back.