Some people train for marathons other people train for this meal. Before sitting down make sure you get in the proper state of mind and prepare yourself for a long night of indulgence. This being my first dining experience at Alla Famiglia I was unaware of the challenge that I had undertaken. We had A Party of Five empty bellies and an optimistic mentality; we couldn't resist the tempting appetizers recited to us and ended up ordering the mega meatball calamari and shrimp and sausage over polenta. All were amazing. The meatball was the highlight: twelve ounces of perfectly cooked beef filled with mozzarella and covered in sauce and provolone (kisses fingers). Big plus for including the tentacles in the calamari. I've noticed these legs less and less while dining out when did they lose suction as a staple of a calamari appetizer? Also adorning our table were a few clothing options in which to dress the bread all of them enjoyable on their own or as an ensemble.One would think after such a hearty opener all that remained was the main course. How wrong of an assumption that turned out to be. Before we could even think about crushing our dinners we had to face two formidable courses of salad and pasta. As mentioned by other reviewers the salad is great. Nice dressing nice fillers nice roughage. The pasta that's included with the entree was a fusilli bucati in a vodka sauce served family style. Unable to pass up the promise of a great carbonara with guanciale and fresh egg we had two pasta opponents to tackle. Both were cooked so perfectly al dente I would have put them on my NHL all-star ballot as a write-in if voting hadn't already closed.At this point in the meal I had completely forgotten that I still hadn't even seen my main course. And I was fine with that. As a table we compiled quite the culinary collection: bistecca fiorentina veal milanese veal marsala mussels in a diavola sauce and the sea bass special for the evening. You know when a meal is so utterly divine that you just stop talking to everyone around you and have a one on one pow wow with the gastro-gods? Yeah that's what happened. I will say at one point during the meal my brother had to get up and take a walk around the restaurant for fear he would wake up two days later in the ICU if he didn't fight off the impending food coma that threatened his existence. Instead of napkins they should have given us a white towel and a trainer to throw it on the table for us because we were doing our best impression of Apollo Creed...and our food was Ivan Drago.Our waiter who we thought was our friend then had the nerve to ask if we wanted dessert some balls on that guy. Of course we wanted dessert. We decided on the tiramisu which I hope had a clean bill of health because it blew our minds. It was so good that I was upset with myself. I did exactly what I hate seeing someone do on any and every food network show. I took a bite put down my fork closed my eyes and just said wow! I just hope it was as good for the tiramisu.Other housekeeping items: you can bring your own wine for which they charge a corking fee. All the water is bottled but I didn't see it on the bill so I figure it's included. The chef/owner is extremely friendly and accessible as he is cooking basically right next to your table. Parking at the meters next to the building is free after 6pm despite what it says on the signs; our waiter informed us they have an unspoken agreement with the parking authority.Heavy on the belly heavy on the wallet heavy in our hearts!