Excellent excellent brunch spot.  For review #100 a 5 star review for a 5 star restaurant is definitely fitting.Casbah does brunch lunch and dinner but brunch is my favorite meal and also what they do best.  I ordered their prixe fixe brunch option which is a choice of an appetizer brunch dish and drink for $22.  I started off with smoked salmon and had the waitress recommended braised lamb and eggs as an entree and a mimosa to drink.  My companion ordered butternut squash & apple cider soup wild mushroom omelet and a glass of fresh orange juice.While waiting for our food we munched on their complimentary pastry basket consisting of super moist mini-muffins scones and super rich and buttery biscuits with honey butter.The smoked salmon came with capers minced red onion crumbled egg a drizzle of aioli and a beautiful fried potato cake.  There was just the perfect amount of everything on the dish; the potato cake was just big enough to balance out the saltiness of the smoked salmon and the capers of course paired beautifully with the smoked salmon.  I tried some of the butternut squash & apple cider soup and it had some a pretty complex flavor.My entree reminded me of an eggs benedict with a twist: grilled  sourdough topped with spinach braised lamb shoulder and two poached eggs.  I love braised meats because braising can do such wonders to tougher cuts.  The braised lamb shoulder was flavorful tender and super rich.  The best part about poached eggs is sopping up the extra yolk with bread and it just tasted better with the sauce of the lamb soaking into the sourdough to soften it up a bit.  This dish itself is enough to make me a regular.  I tried my companion's home fries which came with this slightly spicy ketchup (I think it's house-made) and also a piece of her omelet which was pretty good too.Service was good ambiance was good portions were big quality was excellent AND they take reservations.  Sometimes I don't mind waiting the half hour it takes to get seats at some restaurants (Point Brugge Coca Cafe etc.) but most times I'd rather spend time with people in the restaurant at a table rather than waiting outside especially now with winter approaching.