I stopped by here this past Thursday with my fiance and 4 other dining companions for dinner.  Alla Famiglia has been on my list of places to try for quite a long time and I was eagerly anticipating eating a dinner here.  We arrived shortly before our reservation time of 7:30 at about the same time as another couple from our party. We were almost immediately taken back to our table which was on the first floor in a back room.  I honestly didn't notice too much while we were walking back to our table but thought there was not much decoration in the room we were in.  Yes there was a fireplace but nothing else really sticks out besides the fact that the lights would dim a bit for about 5 seconds before eventually brightening back up every 10 minutes or so.Since none of our party had ever been to Alla Famiglia before our server took the time to go over the menu with us.  Whenever he got to the veal chop and explained it was their specialty I immediately knew that was what I wanted.  So I ended up ordering that with the pizzaiolo option while my fiance went with the seafood diavolo.  My veal chop was described as a double cut natural chop braised with hot and sweet peppers homemade Italian sausage and plum tomatoes while my fiances seafood diavola had many different types of seafood in it including a lobster tail.  All entrees also come with a first course of salad and a second course of pasta with vodka sauce both served family style.  While we were waiting for our first course to come out they served us some crusty Italian bread along with a couple of different dipping sauces of which I remember one that had a couple of different imported cheeses one with goat cheese and then another which was olive oil based and called the holy oil(?) due to a trio of herbs of which one was basil.  That one was my favorite and when combined with some of the Parmesan cheese that they had on the table was awesome.  After a short while our salads came out 2 family style bowls for the 6 of us along with a dish of Gorgonzola so that we could top our salads with it.  The salad ended up tasting decent I only wish that I had more of it.  The six of us quickly finished it all and then were in for quite a bit of a wait before our pasta with vodka sauce arrived.  It was long enough for all of us to notice and wonder what was taking so long for pasta.  Whenever it arrived once again 2 family style bowls for the 6 of us I thought that it tasted pretty good.  It wasn't the best vodka sauce I have ever tasted but since I was still pretty hungry at this point I really enjoyed it especially after adding some of the chili oil that they brought to the table with it.  The chili oil gave the sauce that perfect bite for me.  Almost immediately after finishing our pasta our dinner entrees arrived.  My veal chop looked impressive and was big enough to make comments about how it could tip the car on the Flintstones.  Most of that was due to the size of the bone although there was a decent amount of meat on it.  The veal itself was cooked perfectly as it was moist and juicy and I  ended up enjoying it. The pizzaiolo sauce was just ok though as some of the sausage that I had seemed to be burnt while others were fine.  Whenever I had the non burnt pieces I liked it but the couple of burnt pieces really made the sauce inconsistent from bite to bite.  I was also lucky enough to try some of my wonderful fiances lobster tail and thought that it was very good.  It was cooked perfectly and was tender and tasty while not being overdone at all.  After all that we had eaten our whole table ended up passing on dessert and I left the restaurant full but not overly so.  I am still wondering about all of these reviews that tell you how much food they received which was also said by the valet on the way in.  It made me wonder do they normally serve a family style portion to two people instead of the three like they did at our table?  Should I feel cheated on this one?  Maybe I will find out on a future visit but then again maybe I will not.The bottom line for me is that I might come back here again in the future but I don't think that this would be my first choice.  Don't get me wrong the food here was pretty good but whenever my food bill after tip is coming out to about $150 they had better either have impeccable service like the Capital Grille or Ruth Chris' or to die for food.  Sadly Alla Famiglia let me down on both accounts here as the food was good and the service average.