Having lived near this Atria's location in the past I can say that I've spent more than my fair share of time at the PNC Park Atria's. My wife and I stopped in this past week and for me I was reminded of why I enjoy Atria's...but this having been our first time at Atria's together and witnessing my wife's experience I realized why the place could garner such low reviews.For someone like myself who's actually had enough positive and negative food experiences at Atria's to know exactly what to order and what to steer clear of I can make the experience a positive one but that's a situation I'm afforded now thanks to my previous patience and convenience. My wife opting to stray from my suggestions had an awful dinner. Her plate of bland fish and asparagus left her turned off completely. Luckily we were using a gift card so it wasn't as frustrating for her as it could've been. Regardless walking away from an entire plate of food is disheartening.That led me to realize this: If you're only at Atria's once you're odds aren't that great of having a good experience. That's just the reality of the situation. There are a handful of really good things on the menu that I LOVE. The parmesan crusted chicken is really good although it can sometimes be a little too oily. The pot roast is excellent but it's way too heavy for most of the year...ESPECIALLY during baseball season when they're busier. Their chili is really on-point...especially paired with their bread and the salmon salad is excellent. Although I don't like the salmon so I swap the salmon for chicken for a great salad option. The carrot cake is insanely good but truth be told it's not homemade. I could care less though as it's still some of the best carrot cake I've ever eaten. Period. Other notable items are the pot roast nachos crab cakes red skin smashed potatoes and the reuben.That's really where the positives end though. I've learned to steer clear of the burgers because of the inconsistency with which they're prepared. I've received more undercooked burgers at Atria's than any other restaurant and it's just not worth the gamble anymore. My filets have always been perfectly-prepared but the one time I got a strip it was practically burned on one side and undercooked on the other. Failing to cook burgers and steaks correctly isn't that surprising but deciding to serve them to customers despite their incorrect preparation IS surprising...and poor.I know that the last time I had salmon on my salad the fish tasted off and I paid the price for it later. I've never given a single fish meal a chance there since (we're talking years now). Hence my request for chicken on my salads now. Most of the meals that I've had are average and I've practically tried the entirety of the menu over the years so believe me when I say it.Why do I continue to go? Well because the few items that I do love are crave-worthy and having become a regular (less so nowadays) the service that I received at the bar was always excellent. Daniel and Roy have always provided  great service to me and good service goes the distance as far I'm concerned so it's been worth stopping in from time-to-time. Unfortunately if I can't sit at the bar I don't always stick around as the service at the tables is really hit-or-miss. For every good server they have they have two more that could care less about their jobs...especially during peak times.Regardless this is my favorite Atria's location because it's the least stuffy and pretentious location of them all but there's still a lot of room to improve...and I hope it does.