Cain's Saloon has popped up on my radar repeatedly since it opened - many people have stood by it as a fantastic dinner spot and bar. And while I certainly didn't dislike my experience here overall I can't say I quite get what all the fuss is about.I came here for dinner and drinks with a friend and upon first entering we were pleased; the staff got us seats and our waitress very patiently helped us navigate their beer and cider options - which took a while there were just so many! I truly do praise our waitress and the bar staff for taking my companion's final request which was a little off-menu. No one complained and they whipped up my friend's drink while I went for a Pear Magner cider. The particular night that we went was wing night and while wings did sound wonderful we ultimately went for a plate of loaded fries in addition to our separate meals. It took a while to get them but we figured it was getting busier since it was the evening and we let that slide. Here was where the meal began to lose some of its shine - while at first the fries were absolutely delicious the more of them that I ate the less appetizing they tasted. I suspect that while the top layer was composed of perfectly cooked fries the last layer of fries at the bottom of the plate was just drenched in extra grease and oil that kind of ruined the fries themselves for me. Plus when ordering my sandwich I had asked for one of three sauce options listed on the menu - but once it arrived I realized after biting into it that my sandwich contained the wrong sauce. I didn't bother complaining at that point because of how busy it was - I didn't want to wait for a replacement meal; the sauce I got wasn't too bad or spicy for me so the sandwich itself still tasted good but it was still a bit frustrating. After actually finishing our meal it took an INCREDIBLY long time for us to spot our waitress and flag her down for our check. We're not sure why she disappeared for so long; it was definitely odd to have our service go from above average to below average.And when we ducked into the bathroom on our way out? Good Lord was that a tiny room! I almost hit someone with the door because you literally only have a foot or two between the door when it opens and the wall so if anyone is standing on the other side they're often in the door's way by default. And it was almost impossible to sit in the stalls they were so tiny. Definitely be careful when entering the bathrooms folks.Needless to say my experience was pretty mixed - it definitely started out strong but it kind of went downhill throughout the night although it never hit actual flat-out bad levels. I'd still come back to Cain's if someone wanted to as their food was certainly enjoyable enough. It's absolutely a decent place with some decent options for food. It just wasn't incredibly impressive to me after all the hype I'd heard.