Had Hunan Wok yesterday because it was on my way home. I've heard mixed reviews so I wanted to try it for myself. I tried to peruse the menu before ordering but I couldn't find it online anywhere which is disappointing because the hard copy they have available had at least 300 different options from apps combos sides and entrees. I got their General Tso's Chicken (extra spicy) and because my order was a take-out over $12 they threw in two free egg rolls. #win (Other offers are Free 1 Small Fried Rice w/purchase of $16 Free General Tso's or Sesame Chicken w/purchase over $28)  I called on my way there and it took about 10-15 .... When I walked in everything was ready to go. Large portion of chicken was served in plastic and rice was in standard paper folder container. They were not stingy about duck sauce soy sauce and fortune cookies. #win #winJust like the reviews below the General Tso's was just so-so. It definitely wasn't extra spicy but it did have a mild kick to it. To me the sauce tasted a bit like wing sauce from a dive bar. I would get it again because it was good but it didn't have an oriental flavor to it. When ordering from a strip mall Chinese food place I always expect each piece of General Tso's to be a quarter chicken and the rest fatty breading to which I dissect and just eat the meat.  My expectations were met but I wasn't disappointed because the chicken was good. The meal had a decent amount of broccoli in it which was cooked perfectly for my taste a little firmer. The egg rolls were OK. Super crispy and not much filling...plenty of oil. They were free and so I can't really complain.  I will definitely eat here again. I'll probably try Sha Cha chicken because it's spicier or Kung Po. This place is good if you want cheap food that will hit a Chinese take-out craving. Everyone that worked there was really nice - Even the chef in the back said hello. That alone goes a long way in my opinion. Side note - It's the day after and I'm not sick so I give my seal of health approval.