Good All-American bar food.  This is J and my go-to spot when we are in the mood for something good reasonably priced and close to home.  We have been many times but the last time was especially awesome. J ordered the full slab of ribs which came with fresh-cut fries and cole slaw.  While there was a bit too much BBQ sauce on the ribs they were cooked perfectly fall off the bone good.  I was in the mood for a good beer of which they have plenty.  While I normally would order an Abita Purple Haze I was talked into some shandy that was on special.  Thursday specials are micro-brews - which means that we should really go every Thursday.  But I am getting off track.  When the waitress told me that there were two shandies on tap she offered to give me a taste of the one in which I wasn't familiar.  The beer that came out was big enough that I didn't really need to order a full glass but it was good enough that I wanted several. We decided to split an order of the pepper jack cheese bites which were served with unnecessary ranch dressing.  The bites were awesome - cheesy not greasy and excellent breading.  I ordered the California Turkey Hoagie with a side spinach salad.  The spinach salad has feta cheese walnuts dried cranberries and warm bacon dressing - all in all a delicious spinach salad with fresh crunchy spinach.  The hoagie has fresh turkey - that is featured in several sandwiches and meals and always delicious - avocado pico de gallo swiss cheese and lettuce.  I would probably trade out the swiss for maybe pepper jack but other than that - the sandwich is perfect.  I know that this place is not everyone's cup of tea but for my husband and I it's good food good beer and decent service. The one thing that for me stopped me from giving it 5 stars is that it is so freaking loud in there.  Apparently this is the hangout for people that want to get really drunk and be really loud - even if there is no need for it.  You generally have to kind of yell over to be heard but if you can get past it the food is worth it.