Oh American fast food chains.  How large your portions.  How nostalgic you are.We were the proud owners of a gift card to Applebee's (Christmas gift!) and the best part of this gift was my boyfriend's reaction to me later.  He has never been to an Applebee's.  Or an Olive Garden.  Or a Chili's.  His first time at a Red Lobster was with me when we were stuck in a strip mall hell for the night.  So he's new to these restaurants which so many of us grew up with.  I'd only been to an Applebee's a handful of times but I was down to go back - it seems like they sort of have everything no matter what you're hungry for.Since we're spending all our time now packing to move back to Chicago (WOOHOO!) we don't always have time to make dinner.  So we busted out the Applebee's gift card and journeyed to Edgewood Towne Center for some chain restaurant foods.  When we arrived this server really awkwardly asked us to sit at the bar.  I missed the finer points of the interaction since he was talking to my boyfriend but he basically insinuated that he'd just sat some large tables or something and it was his turn to have a table in his section but he didn't have the time to serve us or something and he didn't want us to wait (for what I'm not sure) so he was basically like Can you sit at the bar?  Which was weird because there were like at least a dozen open tables.   But whatevs.  The cool kids sit at the bar and we are the cool kids.Chuck the bartender was running this show.  Dude.  He was on top of everything.  Taking orders serving drinks answering phones getting takeout orders keeping his bar neat and tidy - he was HOPPING!  We were both in awe just watching him.  That man is earning his tips for reals.  So I'd recommend sitting at the bar if Chuck is working.  He's also cute so bonus there.  The Applebee's bar is kind of a hilarious place - random people having drinks as if it's a real bar and not a restaurant this one lady READING A BOOK WITH A GLASS OF WINE like it was some fancy cafe some annoying fratty people....and us.  A healthy mix.I had a Shock Top and my boyfriend had a Sam Adams - mad props for Shock Top on draft not expecting that from Applebee's.  We ordered spinach and artichoke dip which I believe was half price (as are all apps) during happy hour.  It was served with regular tortilla chips (like from a bag) but the dip itself was pretty tasty.  It was served in a really wide but shallow crock and tasted appropriately spinachy and cheesy.  It was served very hot and was pretty satisfying!My side salad arrived shortly thereafter and it was amusingly huge for a side.  Iceberg lettuce cherry tomatoes crispy croutons shredded cheese tangy bottled Italian dressing on the side.  I bought it to balance out my entree but somehow these iceberg lettuce salads never really feel healthy you know? Like eating crispy water.  With cheese and croutons.  YAY HEALTH!Then came the entrees - I got an order of wings (which I think is technically listed as an appetizer) with Sweet and Spicy Sauce which was listed as the second-hottest sauce on the menu.  They were pretty decent - served hot juicy chicken and the sauce was sweet and sticky.  It was a little *too* sweet for me - picture gloopy Chinese takeout in sweet sticky sauce and that's what the wing sauce was like - but it still made a satisfying meal.  My boyfriend got one of their special burgers from their new New Orleans menu -something like a Bourbon Bacon burger.  They asked him pink or no pink which we thought was funny.  He said pink and the burger came out with like a tiny touch of maybe-pink in the middle.  Medium-rare this ain't!  He said it was okay.  Not great.  Just a burger.  I didn't taste it I just nibble on a few of his fries which were pretty average.That all came in at around $30 aided greatly by the happy hour appetizer discount.  I have no interest in going to Applebee's again because I can get better burgers pasta chicken bar food everything etc anywhere else but if I was road tripping and needed a place to stop this wouldn't be a bad choice.  Sit at the bar and hope Chuck is there and enjoy pretty average versions of American bar food.