The epitome of 4 stars: Excellent without being perfect. Tucked away in the middle of a charming old residential neighbourhood you'll likely miss it the first drive by. Turning around is worth it.Yes the staff tends to be the typical hipster bike-riding sort that so commonly seems to staff indie coffee shops but they're friendly and unpretentious so don't hold it against them.  The patrons are almost exclusively college students (anyone else tends to drive by and take their coffee to go) though hipsters are actually in the minority here.  Anyone under the age of 25 will fit in perfectly and no one 35 and under will feel uncomfortable.  The noise level is perfect.  Most students are on their laptops with headphones a few are chatting quietly and the background (indie) music is just that.  You don't need headphones to concentrate here.Decor is decent without being great.  The ceiling is crossed by beautiful wooden beams and the floor is a pleasantly bland creamy ceramic tile.  So is the wallpaper though the original modern paintings tend to help make things interesting.  Where it loses points is in the furnishings: the mixture of wall lamps hanging fixtures and pot lights doesn't work well the serving bar itself is an ugly cheap laminate and the touches of plastic greenery dribbled around the place fails misserably.Iced water is provided which is decent (plastic cups are a minus) but inferior to the mineral water other places serve. We tried their richly brewed Ethiopian to rave reviews with the party split on whether the thick ceramic mug was a plus (hefty and warming) or minus (hard to drink from). Truly fantastic coffee but the lattes were rather disappointing: Beautifully steamed milk in every cup but a rather bland espresso shot left the latte rather lacking in the nuanced flavour one finds in a 5 star establishment.  The medium latte (12oz with 2 shots of espresso -- the steongest ratio they offer) should have been far better.The food looked worth having but we'd just eaten. Homemade pastries and fresh sandwiches looked tempting and we certainly will come hungrier next time.A solid four stars held back a bit by decor and a lot by espresso.