Pittsburgh's very own CheersI've lived in Pittsburgh for about 5 years now. I've been coming to D's for about 3...D's is one of the many gems of Regent Square.  It really is the place (if you go often enough) that everyone really does know your name....as well as what you like. Or in my case...the only beer I actually like enough to drink more than once.  The bartenders are all amazing people and really make you feel comfortable. The service is great and they are always ready with a recommendation for any newbies. All it takes is a few questions and they have a few suggestions. I have a friend who loves Magic Hat and when finding out that D's didn't have it on tap that night was totally bummed. When she told the bartender that she usually drinks MH he made a recommendation. I was not at all surprised (she was) when she loved what he'd suggested. Your trip to D's wouldn't be complete without trying something from their extensive menu. Their hot dogs are great (and for those of you who are vegetarian they have awesome veggie dogs) the pizza is delicious and if you're craving wings there's no better place to go (try the Jamaican jerk...they're my favorite!).Okay so you're thinking good beer good food good service what more could they possibly offer?  DON'T LEAVE YET! Before you head home hit the beer cave and take some to go. If you can't find something to drink here you may just be too picky (or a non drinker which is totally okay but I would suggest the root beer they have on tap before you give up.) My sister and I stopped in over the weekend for some pizza. We had the pleasure of meeting Dino the owner. He's incredibly friendly and just a nice guy ( he bought us both a drink!). We chatted for a bit and he moved on to greet some other patrons. I think it says a lot about  any place when owners and employees alike can be found there on a day off. If you're visiting Pittsburgh and anywhere close (heck...even if you aren't close) head to D's and grab a taste of a great local bar