I have to say I really loved this place.  I love the mesh of old and new.  I love a greasy spoon.  Most of all I love the fact that I can visit here any time of the day.I have heard of Tom's for a very long time.  I remember there being a Tom's in the South Side and visiting it many times but this spot is so different.  There's a different vibe here more laid back less bustle.  Walking in here makes you feel as if you are entering a tiny road stop diner you kind of forget that you are still within the Pittsburgh region especially if you stop here in the wee hours of the morning.I grabbed a booth to myself and within a minute the waitress was there to hand me a menu and ask me what I wanted to drink.  Looking over the menu took me some time seeing how this was my first visit here.  I ended up ordering a BLT with a side of loaded fries.  While waiting for my food to arrive I looked around the place and took it all in.  The colors decor and furniture definitely give you that diner vibe.  When I think of a diner I think of the shiny chrome the bright white and red checkered pattern and bar stools at a counter.  All of that is here!My food finally arrived and I started to dive into it.  The first thing that popped into my head was why did I order a side of fries?  The BLT comes with a decent side portion of fries to begin with I really didn't need more fries.  The BLT itself was perfect.  The bacon was greasy yet crisp the lettuce was refreshing and the tomato was just the right thickness.  Add a little mayo to the toasted bread and we are in business.  It was so good I wish I had just ordered two BLTs.  The loaded fries were pretty good as well.  Topped with cheese sauce and bacon (man I just couldn't get enough of that bacon).The waitress on duty was super polite and very attentive.  Even though it was very early in the morning she did not miss a beat or sit around.  The only gripe I have about this place is the prices.  Some of them need to be readjusted but other than that it's a stellar place to get a meal.**something to note: they do serve alcohol here.