I was out and about on a Saturday afternoon with a good friend and we were in the north side area and he suggested that we eat at Legends of the North Side since he heard it was good.  We walked into the door and there was a woman standing near the door and she shot us a look of surprise (or frustration) and asked if we had a reservation? Well that wasn't the greeting I was expecting and was surprised at this question since the place was empty but within a half hour I totally understood why.This small but quaint restaurant filled up very fast.  This establishment is just lovely and was clean and was decorated for the holiday season.  It was cozy.   The menu was small but had something for everyone and the prices weren't too bad but It might be a little pricey if you are on a budget but it's worth it trust me.   The service was excellent.. we received beverages and bread within a moments time.  Our bread basket never remained empty either. We ordered the beans and greens as an appetizer and it was delicious. My Italian Mother makes this dish all the time and it was almost as good as hers - which is saying a lot.    I had penne pasta with sausage roasted red peppers olives and artichokes.   It was very tasty but was a bit salty for my taste (think it was the olives) but still delicious.  My friend ordered the Walleye and was very pleased.  The tossed salad that came with my entree was just the right size and everything was fresh.Fresh greens and was accompanied by carrots red onions feta cherry tomatoes and olives.   By the time we were ready to leave there wasn't an empty table in the place.  The restaurant is located on the corner at a very convenient location in North side with parking available on the street right outside the restaurant. Getting back on 279 was a snitch. The restroom doors were so festive and unique that I couldn't resist taking a picture !!   The restrooms were also clean too.I love restaurants that aren't chains and have their own flair .. and this establishment has that! I am very happy we decided to have dinner at Legends of the North Shore and will no doubt be visiting again ... Bravo !