I had been wanting to come here for a very long time.  I finally ate here this past Saturday and it was awesome.  Now I can't wait to come back!First I urge you to make a reservation because every single table was filled while we were there and for good reason--the food is AWESOME.  The food is so good you aren't even going to feel guilty about the calories you have consumed--because you will eat A LOT OF THEM.The second thing you need to know is to show up HUNGRY.  Don't eat all day.  If possible do what I did and work out earlier in the day because you will leave this restaurant WELL FED.  To quote one of the great artists of our time Ice Cube Life ain't a track meet its a marathon!It is a marathon.  They're going to bring you out delicious warm bread as soon as you sit down and supply you with heavenly toppings for it including the famous Holy Oil that is truly divine.  Temperance is a virtue.  Don't be like me and commit a sin against your entree by eating it when you are STUFFED and can't fully enjoy it. because like a fool you couldn't restrain yourself with the bread bc carbs turn you into AN ANIMAL and you didn't pace yourself.You'll get all the bread you can handle.  Our waiter John who was super nice and attentive suggested we order the meatball appetizer and he was right.  Its huge its literally the size of a softball and comes out wrapped in cheese in a heavenly marinara sauce served with love.  It was extremely good.  Then you get the salad course which comes in a home made vinagrette which is also delicious.  Then comes the pasta course  We had fusilli pasta in vodka sauce which was very good but at this point I was basically full and tapping out.  I ended up eating not even 1/4 of my pasta but then the waiter offered to bag it up for me so I had lunch for the next day.Your entree comes out after the pasta course and you're going to be already stuffed at this point. Now I took my friend here for his birthday.  I think they key is to come here when you are not paying bc my bank account was crying when I saw the entrees start at $40.  More on that in a moment.I ordered the filet and it was SPECTACULAR.  I mean amazing.  So good I did not share and after I ate it I fondly reflected on the time my filet and I spent together.  Temporarily in my mouth forever in my heart.  Or on my hips.  It was not diet food it was covered in some sort of heavenly cream cheese sauce that is the stuff dreams are made of.  It was a $60 dinner and it tasted like one too.  My friend ordered the blackened sea bass and it came out looking like a work of art.  Both our dishes were basically food porn.  He loved his dinner too and said that his fish came out topped with large chunks of crab and he loved it.We were waayyy too full to even think about dessert.  I'm sure the desserts would have been divine but we just could not do it.  In fact I ended up taking half my filet home with me.This place is technically expensive but if you think about it it's really not that bad.  Our bill came to $200 for the two of us but for what you get it's really a pretty damn good deal.  You get top notch service the restaurant itself is beautiful and the food is absolutely incredible.  This was probably the best meal I have had in Pittsburgh.  Oh--and you get enough food that you get a full meal the next day. I cannot believe that I had not been here before and I will absolutely be back.