What a great time we had... but credit goes to the company I'm lucky enough to keep not so much to this particular Benihana location. Sooo... if you're a fan of Teppanyaki this review may ring familiar. If you've not done Teppan style before... consider this a sort of what to look for primer.There were five of us sharing our table with a very nice young near-newlywed couple; May 2010. Our table wait time without a reservation was about 35 minutes or so. (maybe they were waiting for a newlywed couple to join us?). And what lengthened the wait was the understaffed bar. We waited nearly 10 minutes to see a bar-server and another 15 minutes to get our drink order. While everyone was friendly and apologetic even apologies get old when they're used to salve away exceedingly slow service. Maybe the reason they appear to be busy even on a Wednesday night.......? They had an abundance of tables celebrating Birthdays. I'd guess I listened to at least twelve renditions of Happy Birthday sung by the Greentree-Benihana-Bday Choir! (Oi vay...... next time I'm bringing earplugs!)   :-))My impression? This is Pittsburgh; not my destination for great Japanese cuisine. So while this fine city certainly has some excellent eateries when it comes to chain or franchised restaurants you have to compare each location to the balance of their nation-wide organization. And having eaten at Teppan style restaurants for many years and many Benihanas I'd have to grade this particular location in the C range; very average.Before we were seated and while we were waiting in the bar I spied the dining room. It appeared all the chefs were slow seemingly ackward with their knives. And almost comically so. One Anglo chef (no offense to Scandinavians that dream of becoming a Teppan-Guru) well this guy looked like it was his first night cutting off the shrimp tails...... almost one at a time and still having a problem!? I think you get the idea. I've seen some Teppan-knife wielders line up the shrimp and with one long swipe... de-tail-a-fy 30 with one stroke! Not here... some of the chefs may be on beginner knife-speed restriction?As one reviewer mentioned; ...it depends on which chef you get at your table. And with Teppanyaki style restaurants and especially Benihanas it's very true. It shouldn't be like that but here in Greentree and the evening we went (Wednesday night around 630p) it was like going to a Barber College to get a free haircut and trying to figure out how to judge the best out of a group of beginners. Our chef was possibly the best of the crowd (sounds like... You have to go to my doctor he's the best!) but if compared to all the Benihanas I've visited he too would be a C to C- level; maybe a brown belt in marshall arts vernacular? He did the flip shrimp tail into the hat and pocket trick..... finally making it on the third try. But he did smile throughout the demo. (A good attitude is worth allot in my book.)The food? Pretty good. Essentially we ordered everything on the right side of the menu... mainly because I was treating my customer service staff... the greatest asset I have for my sales region. And because one of them had never Teppanyak-eed I made sure we tried everything! Sushi lobster filet steak scallops shrimp calamari chicken..... well you get the idea. What with the added rice and vegetables it was a belly-busting-feast. And again because of the great company we had a wonderful time.So overall I gave this restaurant 3-stars. It was the total experience. The food was good and more important the company was great. But as you can see from my comments I felt like this particular Benihanas location was struggling to meet the corporate concept; trying to do it with Pittsburgh locals who from the hosts to the bartending staff to the chef and server staff just seemed like misfits. Had this been a Lone Star Steakhouse or a Fridays I'd have felt everything fitted just right.