I had heard a lot of different things about Cain's before coming here for the first time around 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. What I heard was true after dining here- food is really good service leaves a lot to be desired. Two of us were the first to arrive for a party of six. We waited a good 10 minutes at the please wait to be seated sign. No one even acknowledged us standing there until two other members of our party finally arrived. They were semi busy but cleared out quickly since it was a 4:25 steelers game and several tables there looked like they were heading to the game. Anyways a server came over about 5 minutes after we were sat. To get our drink order. She was pretty slow getting our drinks out to us. The other two members of our party arrived by then and when she came back she said the kitchen was running 30 minutes behind and we should order appetizers now if we wanted any. Ok so we ordered 6 old bay wings 12 thai chili wings and 2 orders of the cheese sticks. The cheese sticks were the best cheese sticks I have ever eaten! They are huge-3 to an order but these are so thick and gooey....and the marinara served with them is a sweeter marinara it's very good. I didn't try the old bay wings but they were quickly devoured by the rest of the table. The Thai chili wings had a very nice sweeter flavor. And they were large wings too. Very tasty. She came to take our food order prior to our appetizers coming out. They did take awhile but she did warn us they were slow. Entrees came out quickly however. I had ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. It had a horseradish BBQ sauce that sounded really interesting. The server came over halfway through the appetizers and said they ran out of the pulled pork. I was disappointed but I ordered a turkey Rachael with sweet potato waffle fries instead. The sandwich came on marble rye with coleslaw Swiss and thousand island. The fries weren't great and we're kind of soggy. The sandwich though was excellent. Real rotisserie turkey and lots of cold slaw which is how I like it. A steak and egg hoagie was ordered with chips-she said it was really good and it was huge portion wise. Another ordered the pastrami sandwich and another ordered the pastrami salmon blt. Both were said to be tasty. The quesadilla burger and the bacon and blue cheese burger were also ordered and were quickly eaten and said to be delicious . 4 of us took home half of our sandwiches - portions are huge! Our server didn't check on us and it was us who had to flag he down for drinks. This is a great place to watch a game lots of beers on tap good food. Service needs to improve but I wll still come back again because the actual meal was tasty and priced right