D'z is hands down my favorite go to spot for good eats. I love their wings and their hot dogs. Everytime I go there i am greeted with fun young employees ready to serve or offer suggestions about their latest brews. Their draft list changes constantly so there's no sense in trying to remember which beer you had there the week before. Plus their beer cave is great with hundreds of different bottles to choose from all listed by the region from which they came. They also have a small cooler with about 150 different varieties of beer that are already chilled for your liking. Even if you get a warm beer they have this ice cold dunk tank to put your bottle in that gets it nice and chilly for you in just a few minutes. That by far is my favorite aspect of D'z. If you choose to take beer home with you they also have a discount of $1.00 per bottle of every beer you take with you(excluding the pre-made six packs). So sometimes we get a six pack of variety beers at a lower cost than paying for them individually. On to the food:I love their wings and hot dogs and my masterful veggie burger creation. We always order the BBQ sauce because it taste so gooooood and their wings are nice and crispy and hot and smothered in plenty of sauce that you will be licking your fingers. We've tried almost all their dogs expect 2 and my favorite is the mac and cheese dog(w/ ketchup) and the chihuahua dog which is avocado shredded cheddar cheese and jalapenos my fiance enjoys a classic Chicago dog. The have delicious sauerkraut that i enjoy as well so i usually get a side for only 99 cents. Can't beat that price. Now when it comes to the veggie burger i love the way it taste. I do it up real nice by getting that black n blue topping which is blue cheese and cajun seasoning. I add bacon onion mushrooms avocado tomato lettuce and their spicy mayo/double dip sauce. It is hands down the best burger i've ordered in a loooong time. If your looking for a fun hangout spot for you and your buddies or even a tasty treat for the kids then D'z is where it's at!!! It gives you the feeling of just a fun place to be on the weekend or even the weekdays. Due to an unfortunate circumstance of eating at a different hotdog shop during restaurant week my fiance would have proposed to me at D'z. We truly regret not waiting to go here but time was of the essence. D'z you truly are my favorite spot to be any day at any time and you will always be the place i wish i would have been proposed to at!!!!!!!!!!