I am a huge fan of Sushi Three. They live within walking distance of my home so it's no problem getting here and the temptation for sushi is always in the back of my mind! Admittedly the price of the food here tends to keep my cravings in check for a couple months at a time but when I do come here I enjoy every bite. Occasionally I also order take-out since they have very reasonable lunch deals but really I prefer to sit and eat at the restaurant itself.Speaking of: the place itself is very quiet which I actually like; I can just sit talk with a friend or read a book and then (what a radical concept) enjoy my food in peace. This is a big deal for me because the other places I know of where I can get sushi are loud busy and quite frankly a little limiting options-wise compared to Sushi Three's menu. If I want sushi I either come here or I get a small pack at Giant Eagle. That's how much I hate the other sushi places I've visited in Pittsburgh. If I'm going to pay as much as I do for my fish I want to be in a place I can sit and actually enjoy my food.By the way Sushi Three does serve things other than sushi so people looking for some Japanese food that isn't rice and fish are definitely going to find something. There's some really delicious beef chicken and pork dishes. But of course a place with the word sushi in its name is going to specialize in sushi and there are pages and pages of sushi options available here. The orders come in various styles and sizes as well so couples can get something to share or just get something smaller for themselves. The combos all come with soup and salad which are also very yummy.I at this point have developed a routine order: a large salad and an order of softshell crab rolls are all I need here. Sure I'll occasionally snag a bite from someone here with me but the truth is that Sushi Three makes such enormous orders that I can't eat more than that without feeling a bit sick. But hey at least you get your money's worth! I say definitely give this place a shot if you're a sushi fan.