Let's start with the conclusion - this place is the very best breakfast diner in Pittsburgh.  Why?  In very large part because *everything* on the menu is made fresh daily.  This includes the ham which the restaurant roasts every morning complete with their own glaze.  The ham is cut from the bone to order absolutely succulent with a hint of clove.  The ham alone is reason enough to visit this place but that isn't even the best offering.First are the pancakes which includes specialty pancakes like apple and cinnamon and pumpkin - all of which (including buttermilk pancakes) are among the very best pancakes I've ever eaten.  The batter is prepared fresh every morning.  They have a slightly crispy exterior (plenty of butter and sugar in the batter) and fluffy center.  The apple and cinnamon pancakes are so good that I don't even eat them with syrup lest I mask the subtle flavors of cinnamon cream vanilla and apples in the batter - a dusting of powdered sugar and a smear of half-melted butter is all that's needed to elicit an involuntary eyes-rolling-into-the-back-of-the-head expression of pleasure.  Seriously these pancakes are DAMN good!Second all the egg entrees are fabulous!  Try the eggs benedict - that juicy ham fresh cut from the bone piled high atop two thick slabs of toasted Italian bread topped with sunny-side-up eggs and freshly prepared hollandaise.  Fantastic.  The omelets are great and the jumbot - an everything in the prep table hash of stuff and scrambled eggs will satisfy the heartiest of diners.The food here is really top-notch.  I realize that it's just a diner but when I see and taste food this good and this lovingly prepared I want to see *everything* as perfect as most of the food.  With that in mind I'd really like to see the restaurant offer real maple syrup - not the imitation table syrup stuff that I've seen them pour from a milk-carton-type paper container into the syrup bottles!  I'd gladly even pay a $1 premium to have real syrup with those delectable pancakes.  Also I'd beg them to consider making their own biscuits and possible serving them with a sausage (or sausage and herb?) gravy.  I'd *crawl* to the Dor-Stop from my home to eat there!This place is PACKED on the weekends - be prepared to wait unless you get there very early.  The wait however will be worth it.  I eat here at least once nearly every weekend for breakfast.