I've been here twice now once for drinks and once for dinner and I'd have to say that generally I'm a fan.  Their happy hour has some good deals - $6 cocktails and glasses of wine and $1 of bottled beer.  It was a fun trendy atmosphere and a nice place to go for a glass of sangria after a busy day.I came back for dinner a month or so later.  We had reservations (on a Monday night) and were seated immediately -even though the restaurant was surprisingly busy.  We sat in the covered area out front - sort of like sitting in a dim Mediterranean garden.  And yes - the lights are low throughout the whole restaurant.  Even with my young eyes I still needed a candle to read the menu.  But it is romantic and a peaceful place to eat.  A little uncomfortable as they have metal chairs (sort of like upscale patio furniture) but not a big deal.  Sit inside at a booth if you need to sit on something soft.The menu is pricey and we're all poor so we just got entrees.  I actually had a cocktail to start - the Perfect Pear - with elderflower liqueur vodka sage pear and vermouth.  There was even a little sage leaf floating in the glass.  It was a wonderful drink with all the flavors I love.  Still for the price I think the portion was a little stingy.  When I buy an $11 cocktail I like it to really fill the glass.  We nibbled on warm bread while we waited and all tried their pesto on top - I think it was an unusual homemade pesto something like walnut-watercress?  It was a bit bland - I think regular basil pesto would've been a better choice.Things got better during the actual dinner.  I ordered the Heritage Farms Chicken which was juicy and fresh and served with a tangy pasta.  Each little detail of the dish was well-chosen - honestly even the grilled baby squash was outstanding.  It's just squash!  But somehow it was heavenly.  My friend enjoyed her Cioppino and my boyfriend liked his veal tortellini complete with rich pieces of lobster.  I tried a little bit and it was tasty - very herbal and really bursting with flavor.  The only dish that fell a little flat was the potato gnocchi - my friend's boyfriend ordered it.  Actually he liked most of it very much but he couldn't get past the aggressive bitterness of the turnip greens.  I tasted them too and I have to say - it was off-putting.  Perhaps that's just the way turnip greens are but it really didn't work for us in the dish.  Fortunately the waitress was incredibly kind and helpful and brought him out a new plate sans greens which he finished happily.We also had a few desserts - vanilla bean creme brulee for us flourless chocolate torte for them.  I didn't taste it but apparently it was incredibly rich.  I enjoyed our creme brulee - because I enjoy all creme brulee - although the roasted quince on top didn't quite work for me.  Overall the meal ranged between good and very good but the great service from our waitress really pushed this to a 4 star rating.  I had hoped to be a little more wowed by the food.  But this experience was definitely positive enough to warrant a second visit for dinner.  I think it'd be a nice place to go for a special occasion or if you feel like a little splurge on a flavorful meal.