Almost but not quite perfect. Cain's is a well-priced smoke free 1/2 bar 1/2 sports restaurant hybrid. The front has tall tables and chairs (like bar stool height) and the back has booths and 6 flatscreen TV's. The whole place was redone in 2009 when a new owner bought it who bought Redbeards in Mt. Washington and totally redid it. The chef is from Grand View a fantastic actual restaurant not bar restaurant. So you're basically getting at normal bar food prices truly excellent bar food. Seems like the truly scuzzy clientele that someone 3 years ago mentioned have been evaporated to cheaper Dormont bars. The patrons here are more of the youngish (under 40) Mt. Lebanon variety.The vegetable wrap is phenomenal the burgers are great and the Codfather gigantic fish sandwich is simply amazing the best outside of Wholey's. The Codfather is prepared 3 ways - Part 1 is tartar lettuce tomato Part 2 is coleslaw fries and hot sauce and I forget what Part 3 is. The onion rings are beer battered (not breaded) and fried to perfection. They taste moderately of beer the true hallmark of excellent rings. The food you're getting here isn't pushing any envelopes but it absolutely is the best bar food in Pittsburgh. Apparently they have a $5 express lunch that includes a 1/2 sandwich and soup or salad. Never had it but that's extremely cheap.Beer is fairly priced; Sam Adams and Blue Moon are $3.50 while Yuengling Coors & Miller are about $2.50 $2 on special. Everything else is under $5.50.Wing night Wednesdays the good: 25 cent wing night. Best wings I've had in the 'burgh. Wing night the bad: they charge 50 cents per ranch or blue cheese dressing effectively making 10 wings (the minimum order which they DON'T disclose) $3 rather than $2.50 which makes it more like 30 cent wing night. Nor do they include celery/carrots as they do on the menu for regular wing orders. This is the first Wednesday (wing night) they've done this upcharge. I don't mind 30 cent wings I just like honesty up front. They also don't let you take the wings home that you don't finish. Sorry but I want two flavors and don't want to weigh 300 pounds so I'm only gonna eat 12-14 wings. We threw away at least a dozen between the 2 of us. People go hungry in this city every night and that's a crime.The mild buffalo wings are more like medium buffalo wings and are excellent as are the orange ginger wings. The bbq and honey bbq are what you'd expect. The jalapeno cheddar is fake nacho cheese and pickled jalapenos on top - NOT what we expected and not what we'd get again but still very good.Service is good 4/5 times. It's slower with wing night; only 2 servers for the whole place.Definitely go here for the Codfather and the veggie wrap. Get onion rings as your side. Oh! And get a salad too; they use spring mix and baby spinach and make almost all of their dressings.