Well I've finally had a chance to visit the now famous Dor-Stop.  I went on a weekday morning so that I could actually get a seat and have the food at it's prime--not cooked in a hurry to see how the food really was.  Well that was also the only time I had as well.I was greeted quickly and seated and given a nice cup of coffee.  They did an exceptional job of keeping the coffee mugs full (another reason  to go on a weekday) and it was good coffee.  I had to try the hot cakes but didn't want to OD on carbohydrates so I got the Egg Combo with the speciality hotcakes.  The waitress recommended the banana oatmeal or the apple cinnamon.  I went with the banana oatmeal.  Two over easy eggs and bacon though they offer sausage patties or links in both regular (sage) and hot.My food came quickly and I was disappointed to find the eggs sharing the plate with the hotcakes.  I like my food separated and dippy eggs leave a residue that sometimes can't be mopped up with bacon.  I guess I would have preferred a plate with the eggs/bacon and a plate with the hotcakes.  The eggs were cooked perfectly as was the bacon.  Crispy yet chewy.  I have to eat my eggs and bacon before I can eat my hotcakes because again I don't like my food touching--especially something sweet and savory.  Let's talk about the hotcakes.  They were served with a big dollop of whipped butter which I loved.  Whipped butter spreads pretty easy.  I like that.  I'm picky.  Especially with breakfast.  There were slices of banana cooked in which I also liked.  They tasted like a diabetics worst/best nightmare.  They were sweet and fork tender like a nice pancake should be.  They would have been fine without syrup.  When I added syrup it felt like I was eating a slightly sweeter version of banana bread.  I wanted to stop at one.  I really did.  I really really did.  I was getting full.  I can stop eating food that isn't good without much of a problem.  I had a problem with that second hotcakeMy other complaint is that is is rather expensive for a small diner.  I paid a little over $10 for my breakfast.  For $10 I would have preferred a more generous portion of bacon at least.  My idea of pricing is a bit off I guess mainly because I live in an area outside of Pittsburgh that is a lot less expensive.  So I will go back for sure.  The breakfast is GOOD and I think most places that attempt to serve breakfast should be GOOD.