After feeling crowded out by the throngs of people converging upon Downtown and the North Shore for the Three Rivers Arts Festival this past Sunday we decided to venture a bit deeper into the North Side and give Max's Allegheny Tavern a whirl. My partner has been in the basement before for various work-related functions but I had never been there despite driving by on numerous occasions.     We easily found on-street parking and entered the restaurant. I immediately loved the decor in the entry room/bar area and those pleasant furnishings continued into the more intimate rear room where we were seated. We enjoyed the beautiful wall tapestries and I thought the old newspaper-like menus were pretty cool! I was surprised (in a good way) at the old-fashioned urinals in the men's room. In a city that has struggled to nourish and revitalize its history over the years I was already a fan of how unique Max's was in the regard of feeling authentic in an era of predictable chains.     We were initially enticed by the prospect of ordering fried soft pretzels stuffed with cheese as a shared appetizer only to find out they were not available. We settled for the non-cheese-stuffed version which were melt in your mouth good and were handsomely complemented by tangy honey mustard. We were a bit dehydrated after walking miles around the city yet our waitress was very attentive in consistently replenishing our water glasses as soon as they were half-empty. I was craving a burger but was tempted instead by the fried fish sandwich which I ordered with a side of potato pancakes and applesauce. My partner ordered a fried chicken sandwich with the same side I did.     Our food arrived surprisingly promptly. My fish sandwich was HUGE! I had enough to take home and enjoy for a post-work meal the following evening. The fish tasted fresh although I wasn't a fan of having to pick small bones out of my mouth in exchange for enjoying that freshness. The bread it was served upon was tasty as well. The potato pancakes were thick fresh and were delicious when enjoyed with the chunky applesauce. My partner also thoroughly enjoyed his own sandwich.     As if this wasn't good enough our check was only $22! We will definitely be back soon at which point I look forward to trying a burger!