At this time I have officially had every meal of the day at Casbah (it's great!). Here are my thoughts from my three visits:First time was for dinner (June 2014) with my Big Burrito Birthday Coupon. We sat outside where it was pleasant even though it was the middle of the summer. They were generous with the table bread and I really liked their goat cheese yogurt spread. I got the Orrechiette chicken pasta and BF got the filet mignon. The pasta was ok (see lunch review for update) and came in a large portion. The filet mignon was perfection. I made BF share with me :) The roasted potatoes with the green chutney were also heavenly. Definitely a lovely way to spend my birthday.Second time was for a weekday lunch with a college friend visiting (Nov 2014). We had the 2 $10 off entree coupons and ordered off the Gusto menu (a fancy version of Panera's You Pick Two). I got the Orrechiette again and a Turkey Avacado Sandwhich. The pasta was delicious this time so I'm thinking it was just one-uped by the Filet Mignon at dinner. Friend got the vege risotto which she liked. I like that Casbah is willing to customize plates at no extra charge or nuisance - they removed all bacon items from my entire meal and replaced them with other dressings etc. I really appreciated that. Even without the coupon the Gusto lunch menu is a great deal!Third time I went for brunch with another girlfriend (Dec 2014). I LOVE BRUNCH and Casbah took the cake. The table scones pastries etc were delicious as was the accompanying cinnamon butter. Our waiter was very nice and helpful and was again quick to help customize my vegetarian friend's needs. I got the Mimosa which was delicious. Smoked salmon appetizer was as good as the other yelpers say and the portion was humongous. Finally I got the scallop omelette and they had no issue giving me my favorite home fries as the side instead of the grits. Friend got the salad appetizer and the spinach eggs benedict. She loved the eggs not such a big fan of the arugula salad (which I have had and liked). We each had a $10 off brunch which made this a steal :) We were able to sit outside even in the winter which was nice.All in all I love Casbah. I'm a student so it's a little expensive for me. But I go every chance I get. Look out for Big Burrito coupons!