If you're like me you probably enjoy watching people eat hot dogs and will want to make D's a destination when hanging in the 'burgh. What? I can't be the only one. Seriously? Fine. Then excuuuUUUuuuse me. I'll rephrase for the supposed masses.If you enjoy eating hot dogs you'll want to make D's a destination when hanging in the 'burgh. It's a great place to go and get some tubed meat in a variety of different mix and match combinations and also a great place to meet new people... perhaps you'll even meet someone who shares your love of you eating hot dogs and you can shower them with many moments of which they can watch you eat your beloved wieners and y'all can live happily ever after. No? Ugh fine. Then just eat the damn hot dog all by your lonesome. See if I care.I came in with a group of friends for a semi-liquid lunch and though it was the beer cave that brought us in I was secretly more excited about watching my friends eat hot dogs. You see I'd been feeling super sick for the entire duration on my Pittsburgh road trip. I think it was a bad Cholera strain. Anyway my party of six allowed me to sleep in extra late while they wandered around some graveyard by our hotel with scones until I was all puked out and ready see what the light of day looks like. I was feeling bummed that I had to hibernate through my original morning plan of going to the zoo but the thought getting to see my pals suck down chili dogs all Jack & Diane style really helped lift my spirits.We walked in sat down and I was immediately excited to be sitting across from their epic celebrity mural. It's like a pop-culture/history 'Where's Waldo' only there's no Waldo and instead Gandalf Wolverine John Candy and more. I spent the entire time between ordering and the food coming out staring at the wall and finding new peeps. My only gripe on the artwork is that the mural was seriously lacking in Bill Murray biz-nasty so for that I have to subtract a star. Okay no. I'm only (half) joking about the star thing. I'm actually deducting the star because their veggie dog was pretty damn terrible. I mean the toppings (I got the chihuahua with cheese and jalapenos) were fine but I think I've microwaved dogs that tasted better than theirs. It was so freaking rubbery and tough and chewy... like bad calamari or trying to chew a whole pack of rock hard Bazooka Joe at once. My jaw was tired from trying to force my tearing teeth into that little soy sausage but the worst part is that I had to devote so much extra time to eating my stupid wiener that I missed being able to watch my friends eat their hot dogs. Boo-urns. Next time I'll skip the veggie dog and go with a wrap or pizza or burger or something that'll allow for more wiener-peeping.On the other hand the veggie pub fries were damn good and something I resented having to offer to share them with my friends... but I did offer because I felt like it would detract from them getting 'weirded out' at my wanting to gawk at them like I bought a ticket to watch them eat hot dogs... even though that wishful thought didn't pan out anyway thanks to the lackluster veg-dog I ended up with. Their beer selection was stellar and their beer cave in back was a fun shopping experience and great place to find a few rarities. They actually had the Rogue Voodoo Doughnut bombers that you can hardly ever find. Unfortunately my sickness impaired me from imbibing and I actually spent the latter half of the time there barfing in the bathroom (not to the fault of D's) while my friends shopped for a bevy of beer in the cave. Also worth mentioning is how friendly everyone here was. Lots of helpful staff members and even the other ladies in the bathroom who were concerned with my hurling to the point where they wouldn't leave me alone and I had to lie and say that it was no big deal I was in my first trimester and the morning sickness was getting the best of me. Very nice people those Pittsburgh folk are.