I'm pretty much committed to trying EVERY BYOB restaurant around so this was on my list for a long time. Friends told me it wasn't worth it but I persisted to the point that we went there for lunch yesterday. My first reaction was not a pleasant one. The cheap plastic chairs the small close together tables the tacky decorations not a good feel but I pressed on. Now I didn't avail myself of the BYOB (might have resulted in a higher rating!!) and it was only lunch so I can't comment on dinner. Regrettably I won't ever try them for dinner so this is the best I can offer.  I think Legends in their name only applies to the sports heroes and not any legendary food experience you'll find here. The place is essentially a diner. Diner atmosphere diner chairs diner specials diner everything. Not that I don't appreciate diners I do. But this atmosphere is BLAH.  I'd rate it a max of 2 stars. Max. Food on the other hand is ok. Not great. Ok. Worth going out of your way for? Absolutely not. I had the Parma hot sausage with a bowl of black bean soup- both things I love!!! We're these memorable? Not in the least. It's generous to say they were adequate. Mama's gravy a marinara sauce of sorts was lackluster and flavorless. The sausage was just a split link of hot sausage and something I could replicate at home with ease. The black bean soup was listless and uninspired. Sad because i was expecting (hoping?) for so much more.  I wish I had ordered the chicken parm that the guys pressing up against me from behind ordered. It looked way better. But I'll not have that chance cause I won't be going back. I'll drive by this place a thousand times to go to other more deserving places on the Northside. Sorry. Didn't do it for me.  Can't even imagine coming here for dinner with a bottle of wine. Would be awful.  I wanted to give it 2 stars but felt a little generous today. Plus I thought if I worked down the block I'd probably come here for lunch. But never would I go out of my way to go here.