Greatest place in Pittsburgh for German food!!My favorite dinner here is Max's Goulash.  Its a great beef stew with spaetzle and you can get potato pancakes on the side.  The potato pancakes are without a doubt the best in Pittsburgh!!While the food is fantastic the staff and customer service is what keeps this place from being really excellent.  Its a very come as you are sort of place and rightfully so as it's a tavern/restaurant but the staff may take the casual nature of the restaurant a little too seriously.One evening about a year ago I went in for dinner.  I originally thought to sit at a wooden booth in the bar and there was only 1 open the last towards the back.  I sat down and the seat completely collapsed on me!  I'm far from what you'd call fat heavy set or even a big girl and the staff just sort of stared at me as though it were my fault that their booth just fell apart the bartender even laughed at me while I tried to get up.  No one asked if I was ok no one asked if I needed help and I was generally ignored as I tried to pull myself to my feet.*I* had to approach the hostess tell her that the booth had just collapsed and ask to be reseated.  She rolled her eyes at me and told me the dining room was full so I'd have to wait.  Ok understandable... could you offer a drink or a manager or something while I waited considering the fact that your booth just broke apart?The entire incident was either completely ignored by staff like it never happened or I was looked at like it was my fault.  I didn't even get so much as an apology!I've been back a couple of times since then because the food is always good but I always sit in the dining room now which is sort of a shame because I actually like the bar atmosphere better.  Luckily for me though their menu is online and they offer take out.  Unfortunately they have the hostess answering those phone calls and since she's not a server she doesn't have a lot of knowledge about the menu.  When I asked for a total I was put on hold for a couple of minutes.  She finally came back and I asked how long and was put on hold again so she could go ask the kitchen.  She was quite rude about it like I was bothering her.Bottom line: Max's *is* the best place for German food in Pittsburgh hands down.  But the food is the only thing you're going for.  The staff could use some help on customer service.