The last time I was at Casbah was on a balmy spring evening in my sophomore year of college. I'd arranged a dinner with my mother in a fancy effort to spring the news on her that I wanted to move out of my college dorm the following year and into a co-ed fraternity house.  I remember being underwhelmed by the food but that could've been the chilly reception with which I was met during this particular dinner and the conversation that entailed. Fast forward fifteen years later (what?!) and I was back at Casbah with Jonathan D. and my future in-laws.  We enjoyed the prix-fixe brunch and enjoy it we did!  The meal started with a small basket of mini goodies including double chocolate muffins cranberry almond scones and buttermilk biscuits.  The meal included choice of breakfast cocktail appetizer and entree. For my selections I chose a bloody mary Smoked Salmon and Sea Scallop Fry.  Dare I say this meal (with one small exception) rates in my top five of all time?  I dare.  The appetizer was very filling in itself and absolutely sublime for smoked salmon.  The salmon was accompanied by a done-just-right potato pancake that I could eat ten times over.  My main entree consisted of two plump and juicy sea scallops on a bed of sweet potatoes carmelized onions and sausage (I substituted chicken sausage for the included fennel sausage).  In addition the entree included a portion of melt-in-your-mouth white corn grits and scrambled eggs that seemed out of place and that I completely could've done without.  A croissant was also included but I asked for fruit instead and was rewarded with a small side of grapes canteloupe and strawberries.  My fellow brunchers feasted on a variety of Creamy Polenta (looked amazing) a cheese tasting Lamb and Eggs and Casbah Benedict. Everyone left smiling and satisfied.  So if you haven't given Casbah a try in the last decade it might be time to visit again.  I'm so very glad I did!P.S. Bring your coat into the restroom. It was about 10 below in there. Brrr!