Incredible experience up here I would have to say that this goes down as one of my most memorable dining experiences in Pittsburgh for a number of reasons. I personally love this style of Italian cooking. Sicilian so folks who are not familiar should take look at their menu online before coming because it might catch you off guard it isn't what the normal Italian restaurant offers. I had a great experience dodging potholes on my way through the Allentown neighborhood of Pittsburgh which it makes it much more awarding arriving with my wheels of my vehicle still in alignment. They have valet parking which is great because it takes the stress out of trying to find parking.Upon entering I almost fainted at the smells and views of this place. Right when I walked in I saw an array of freshly prepared vegetables that were on a table in the kitchen area. It was beautiful and really made realize right then what kind of place this was. The service we had was second to none. Right from entering we were promptly seated and received an explanation of everything that was on the table for our enjoyment. The Holy Oil was ridiculous and almost addicting I couldn't stop drowning the fresh bread in that stuff that I think I ruined my appetite.  Folks when you come here don't eat lunch because the food dishes are huge. We ordered an appetizer of Mussels Diavolo which had a huge amount of decent mussels in a spicier tomato sauce. The sauce was really spicy and flavorful that I couldn't waste it so I asked for more bread and took care of that. I think I should have come here with more people because already it was too much and too good just for two people. Then be prepared after your salad there is a pasta course which I probably could have done without because I was approaching topped off. The pasta was in a vodka sauce that I could have been happy with for my main dinner.I then ordered the Filet Mignon which was hands down the best piece of meat I have ever had in my life to date. They cooked it to my request of medium spot onand the chunk of filet was so large that I can't figure out how they cooked it so perfectly. Than it was covered in a red wine sauce with mushrooms that was savory to say the least. We both had to take most of our entrees home with us which was unfortunate because they were so awesome. Matter of fact I'm eating the side of bacon mashed potatoes this morning as I write this review.I did think that it might be hard to come here if you don't eat meat because the menu on this Friday night was meat-tastic. They probably could make a pasta dish without might to suit ones requests but I don't know for sure. Also I did think that the menu online was a little misleading as I thought that there would have been more pasta options on the particular night I was there. There was only one option when I was there and it had a sauce that contained two meats sausage and pork.I wish my bank account could handle more of this place I will be back once I roll my wallet out of the ER. If anybody has any suggestions on how I can do this place more often please let me know!